Mortal Kombat is what would happen if Bandai Namco made Sea of Thieves.
Sea of Thieves is what would happen if Game Freak made Halo.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for Take-Two fans.
Watch Dogs is just Payday 2 with swords.
Payday 2 is just Toontown for casuals.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus for people who play Metal Gear Solid.
Metal Gear Solid is just Majora's Mask but worse.
Majora's Mask is what would happen if Sony made A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is only made for twitter users.
Donkey Kong is the Pokemon of rhythm games.
Pokemon is what would happen if Mojang made Fire Emblem.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart for Insomniac fans.
Mario Kart is the Final Fantasy of fighting games.
Final Fantasy is just Minecraft for weebs.
Minecraft is just GTA IV for people who play League of Legends.
League of Legends is just Roblox but worse.
Roblox is just Street Fighter for people who play The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is the Morrowind of city simulator games.
Morrowind is what would happen if Bungie made World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is only made for weebs.
Heroes of the Storm is the Fallout 76 of beat 'em up games.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas for casuals.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series for Konami fans.
The NBA 2k Series is just Far Cry but good.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's but worse.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 for Nintendo fans.
Halo 3 is just Team Fortress 2 with strategy.
Team Fortress 2 is the Monster Hunter of MOBA games.
Monster Hunter is just Cuphead for people who play Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic the Hedgehog is the Warframe of adventure games.
Warframe is what would happen if Take-Two made Mario 64.
Mario 64 is just Zelda for Obsidian fans.
Zelda is just Super Metroid but good.
Super Metroid is just Super Mario Galaxy for hard core gamers.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye for 3D Realms fans.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing with strategy.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports but worse.
Wii Sports is just Fortnite for people who play Rainbow Six.
Rainbow Six is the San Andreas of action RPG games.
San Andreas is what would happen if Insomniac made PUBG.
PUBG is only made for hard core gamers.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield but good.
Battlefield is just Skyrim for people with social skills.
Skyrim is just Destiny for Riot Games fans.
Destiny is just Dota 2 with multiplayer.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for weebs.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 for people who play Terraria.
Terraria is just Assassin's Creed but worse.
Assassin's Creed is what would happen if Mojang made Portal.
Portal is only made for people with social skills.
Just Cause is the Halo of sport games.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for hard core gamers.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for Rare fans.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin but good.
Club Penguin is just Shadow of the Colossus for mobile gamers.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid for people who play Ocarina of Time.
Ocarina of Time is just A Link to the Past but worse.
A Link to the Past is what would happen if Microsoft made Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is just Pokemon with open world elements.
Pokemon is the Banjo-Kazooie of stealth games.
Banjo-Kazooie is just Mario Kart for indie devs.
Mario Kart is only made for mobile gamers.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty but good.
Call of Duty is just GTA V for weebs.
GTA V is just League of Legends for Valve fans.
League of Legends is just Roblox with magic.
Roblox is just Smash Bros but worse.
Smash Bros is just Tekken for people who play Morrowind.
Morrowind is the World of Warcraft of rhythm games.
World of Warcraft is just Hearthstone for people who play Fallout 76.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas but good.
Fallout: New Vegas is what would happen if DICE made The NBA 2k Series.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza for 3D Realms fans.
Forza is just Five Nights at Freddy's but good.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 for indie devs.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 for people who play The Lego Games.
The Lego Games is just Cuphead but worse.
Cuphead is just Sonic the Hedgehog for people who play Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is the Hollow Knight of MOBA games.
Hollow Knight is what would happen if Rare made Zelda.
Zelda is just Super Metroid for Riot Games fans.
Super Metroid is the Tetris of adventure games.
Tetris is just Golden Eye for people who use reddit.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing for people who play Wii Sports.
Wii Sports is just Kirby but worse.
Kirby is just Rainbow Six for people who play San Andreas.
San Andreas is the Red Dead Redemption II of RTS games.
Red Dead Redemption II is what would happen if Konami made Rocket League.
Rocket League is only made for people who use reddit.
Battlefield is the Skyrim of MMORPG games.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront for indie devs.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Warcraft 3 for people who play Ark: Survival Evolved.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 but worse.
Fallout 4 is just God of War for people who play Pac-Man.
Pac-Man is just Portal but worse.
Portal is what would happen if Obsidian made Just Cause.
Just Cause is only made for indie devs.
Halo 2 is the Watch Dogs of racing games.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for people who use reddit.
Garry's Mod is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands but good.
Borderlands is just Metal Gear Solid but worse.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time for Capcom fans.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario with platforming.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 but worse.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Pokemon for people who play Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is the Earthbound of platformer games.
Earthbound is what would happen if DICE made Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is only made for /r/gaming users.
Call of Duty is just GTA V but good.
GTA V is just Overwatch for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Overwatch is just Roblox for Naughty Dog fans.
Roblox is just Smash Bros with dungeons.
Smash Bros is just Tekken for people who use reddit.
Tekken is just Oblivion for people who play World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is just Hearthstone but worse.
Hearthstone is what would happen if Rare made Splatoon.
Splatoon is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Fallout 3 is the The NBA 2k Series of action games.
The NBA 2k Series is what would happen if EA made Forza.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for Ubisoft fans.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves but good.
Sea of Thieves is just Skate 3 for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games for people who play Payday 2.
Payday 2 is just Sonic the Hedgehog but worse.
Sonic the Hedgehog is what would happen if Bethesda made Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is just Hollow Knight with better gameplay.
Hollow Knight is the Majora's Mask of city simulator games.
Majora's Mask is what would happen if Valve made Super Metroid.
Super Metroid is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Tetris is just F Zero but good.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem for people who use reddit.
Fire Emblem is just Wii Sports for Bandai Namco fans.
Wii Sports is just Kirby but good.
Kirby is just Minecraft but worse.
Minecraft is just GTA IV for people who play Red Dead Redemption II.
Red Dead Redemption II is the Rocket League of MOBA games.
Rocket League is just Street Fighter for people who play Skyrim.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront but good.
Star Wars Battlefront is what would happen if BioWare made Warcraft 3.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm for Capcom fans.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 4 but good.
Fallout 4 is just God of War for people who don't go outside.
God of War is just Pac-Man for people who play Far Cry.
Far Cry is just Just Cause but worse.
Just Cause is just Halo 2 for people who play Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 is the Monster Hunter of action RPG games.
Monster Hunter is what would happen if Ubisoft made Club Penguin.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands for Naughty Dog fans.
Borderlands is just Warframe but good.
Warframe is just Mario 64 for /r/gaming users.
Mario 64 is just Mario for Infinity Ward fans.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 with nouns.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy but worse.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Banjo-Kazooie for people who play Earthbound.
Earthbound is just Donkey Kong Country but worse.
Donkey Kong Country is what would happen if EA made Fortnite.
Fortnite is just GTA V for Sega fans.
GTA V is the Overwatch of sport games.
Overwatch is just PUBG for people who don't go outside.
PUBG is just Counter Strike for Epic Games fans.
Counter Strike is just Tekken but good.
Tekken is just Oblivion but worse.
Oblivion is just Destiny for people who play Dota 2.
Dota 2 is just Splatoon but worse.
Splatoon is what would happen if Valve made Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is only made for people who don't go outside.
Terraria is the Forza of survival horror games.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for twitter users.
Mortal Kombat is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo but good.
Halo is just The Lego Games but worse.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 for Zynga fans.
Payday 2 is just Toontown with survival elements.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus but worse.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Hollow Knight for people who play Majora's Mask.
Majora's Mask is the A Link to the Past of rhythm games.
A Link to the Past is what would happen if BioWare made Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is only made for casuals.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem but good.
Fire Emblem is what would happen if Insomniac made Mario Kart.
Mario Kart is just Kirby for ZeniMax fans.
Kirby is just Minecraft with open world elements.
Minecraft is just GTA IV for twitter users.
GTA IV is just League of Legends for people who play Rocket League.
Rocket League is just Street Fighter but worse.
Street Fighter is what would happen if Ubisoft made The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Morrowind is the Warcraft 3 of beat 'em up games.
Warcraft 3 is what would happen if Epic Games made Heroes of the Storm.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 for Infinity Ward fans.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas but good.
Fallout: New Vegas is just Pac-Man for people with social skills.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry for people who play Five Nights at Freddy's.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 2 but worse.
Halo 2 is what would happen if Blizzard made Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 is just Monster Hunter with nouns.
Monster Hunter is the Cuphead of RTS games.
Cuphead is what would happen if Bandai Namco made Borderlands.
Borderlands is only made for people with social skills.
Warframe is just Mario 64 but good.
Mario 64 is just Zelda for twitter users.
Zelda is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for people who play Super Mario Galaxy.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye but worse.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing for people who play Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is the Fortnite of action RPG games.
Fortnite is what would happen if Capcom made Rainbow Six.
Rainbow Six is only made for twitter users.
San Andreas is the PUBG of racing games.
PUBG is just Counter Strike for people with social skills.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield for Zynga fans.
Battlefield is just Oblivion but good.
Oblivion is just Destiny but worse.
Destiny is just Dota 2 for Team Cherry fans.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved with guns.
Ark: Survival Evolved is the Fallout 3 of roguelike games.
Fallout 3 is just Terraria for people who play Assassin's Creed.
Assassin's Creed is the Portal of platformer games.
Portal is what would happen if Infinity Ward made Sea of Thieves.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo for ZeniMax fans.
Halo is just Watch Dogs but good.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for casuals.
Garry's Mod is just Toontown for 2K fans.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus with swords.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid but worse.
Metal Gear Solid is just Majora's Mask for people who play A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is just Donkey Kong but worse.
Donkey Kong is what would happen if Epic Games made Pokemon.
Pokemon is just Fire Emblem for Take-Two fans.
Fire Emblem is the Mario Kart of action games.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy for weebs.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for LucasArts fans.
Call of Duty is just GTA IV but good.
GTA IV is just League of Legends for hard core gamers.
League of Legends is just Roblox for people who play Smash Bros.
Smash Bros is just The FIFA Series but worse.
The FIFA Series is what would happen if Bandai Namco made Morrowind.
Morrowind is just World of Warcraft with stealth.
World of Warcraft is the Heroes of the Storm of fighting games.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 for mobile gamers.
Fallout 76 is only made for hard core gamers.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series but good.
The NBA 2k Series is just Far Cry for indie devs.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's for Rockstar fans.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 with story.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 but worse.
Skate 3 is just Monster Hunter for people who play Cuphead.
Cuphead is the Sonic the Hedgehog of MOBA games.
Sonic the Hedgehog is what would happen if Gameloft made Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is only made for indie devs.
Mario 64 is just Zelda but good.
Zelda is what would happen if Riot Games made Super Metroid.
Super Metroid is just Super Mario Galaxy for Nintendo fans.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye with better gameplay.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing for mobile gamers.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports for people who play Fortnite.
Fortnite is just Rainbow Six but worse.
Rainbow Six is what would happen if Infinity Ward made San Andreas.
San Andreas is only made for hard core gamers.
Red Dead Redemption II is just Counter Strike but good.
Counter Strike is what would happen if LucasArts made Battlefield.
Battlefield is just Skyrim for 2K fans.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront but good.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Dota 2 for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for people who play Fallout 4.
Fallout 4 is just God of War but worse.
God of War is just Assassin's Creed for people who play Portal.
Portal is the Just Cause of roguelike games.
Just Cause is what would happen if id Software made Halo.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for DICE fans.
Watch Dogs is the Garry's Mod of sport games.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for mobile gamers.
Club Penguin is just Shadow of the Colossus for people who play Metal Gear Solid.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time but worse.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario for people who play Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is the Pokemon of platformer games.
Pokemon is what would happen if Zynga made Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is only made for mobile gamers.
Earthbound is the Final Fantasy of survival horror games.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Call of Duty is just GTA V for Rockstar fans.
GTA V is just League of Legends but good.
League of Legends is just Roblox but worse.
Roblox is just Smash Bros for Bungie fans.
Smash Bros is just Tekken with magic.
Tekken is the Morrowind of stealth games.
Morrowind is just World of Warcraft for people who play Hearthstone.
Hearthstone is the Splatoon of rhythm games.
Splatoon is what would happen if 2K made Fallout: New Vegas.
Fallout: New Vegas is only made for people who use reddit.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza but good.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for indie devs.
Mortal Kombat is just Halo 3 for Square Enix fans.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 with shields.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games for people who unironically identify as gamers.
The Lego Games is just Cuphead for people who play Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic the Hedgehog is just Stardew Valley but worse.
Stardew Valley is what would happen if LucasArts made Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Zelda is the Super Metroid of beat 'em up games.
Super Metroid is just Tetris for people who use reddit.
Tetris is just F Zero for Sega fans.
F Zero is just Animal Crossing but good.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports for /r/gaming users.
Wii Sports is just Kirby for people who play Minecraft.
Minecraft is just San Andreas but worse.
San Andreas is what would happen if id Software made Red Dead Redemption II.
Red Dead Redemption II is just Rocket League with multiplayer.
Rocket League is the Battlefield of adventure games.
Battlefield is just Skyrim for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Skyrim is only made for /r/gaming users.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Warcraft 3 but good.
Warcraft 3 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for people who don't go outside.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 for Mojang fans.
Fallout 4 is just God of War but good.
God of War is just Pac-Man but worse.
Pac-Man is what would happen if Konami made Portal.
Portal is just Just Cause with platforming.
Just Cause is the Halo 2 of action RPG games.
Halo 2 is what would happen if Team Cherry made Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 is only made for people who don't go outside.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin but good.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands for /r/gaming users.
Borderlands is just Warframe for Bungie fans.
Warframe is just Ocarina of Time but good.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario but worse.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for people who play Pokemon.
Pokemon is the Banjo-Kazooie of roguelike games.
Banjo-Kazooie is just Earthbound for people who play Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is just Call of Duty but good.
Call of Duty is what would happen if Sega made GTA V.
GTA V is just Overwatch for Square Enix fans.
Overwatch is just PUBG but good.
PUBG is just Smash Bros for people who listen to EDM.
Smash Bros is just Tekken for people who play Oblivion.
Oblivion is just Destiny but worse.
Destiny is just Hearthstone for people who play Splatoon.
Splatoon is the Fallout 3 of stealth games.
Fallout 3 is what would happen if Sony made The NBA 2k Series.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza for BioWare fans.
Forza is the Mortal Kombat of action games.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Sea of Thieves is just Skate 3 for Insomniac fans.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games but good.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 but worse.
Payday 2 is just Toontown for people who play Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is just Hollow Knight but worse.
Hollow Knight is what would happen if Rockstar made Majora's Mask.
Majora's Mask is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
A Link to the Past is the Tetris of fighting games.
Tetris is just F Zero for people who listen to EDM.
F Zero is only made for people who don't go outside.
Fire Emblem is just Wii Sports but good.
Wii Sports is just Kirby but worse.
Kirby is just Minecraft for Konami fans.
Minecraft is just GTA IV with water.
GTA IV is just Red Dead Redemption II but worse.
Red Dead Redemption II is just Rocket League for people who play Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is the The FIFA Series of MOBA games.
The FIFA Series is what would happen if Square Enix made Star Wars Battlefront.
Star Wars Battlefront is only made for twitter users.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm but good.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 for people who don't go outside.
Fallout 76 is just God of War for Obsidian fans.
God of War is just Pac-Man with stealth.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry for people who listen to EDM.
Far Cry is just Just Cause for people who play Halo 2.
Halo 2 is just Team Fortress 2 but worse.
Team Fortress 2 is what would happen if Sega made Monster Hunter.
Monster Hunter is only made for people with social skills.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands but good.
Borderlands is what would happen if Game Freak made Warframe.
Warframe is just Mario 64 for Take-Two fans.
Mario 64 is just Mario with strategy.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for casuals.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy for people who play Golden Eye.
Golden Eye is just Earthbound but worse.
Earthbound is what would happen if Sony made Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is only made for twitter users.
Fortnite is the Rainbow Six of roguelike games.
Rainbow Six is what would happen if Mojang made Overwatch.
Overwatch is just PUBG for Insomniac fans.
PUBG is just Counter Strike but good.
Counter Strike is just Tekken for weebs.
Tekken is just Oblivion for people who play Destiny.
Destiny is just Dota 2 but worse.
Dota 2 is what would happen if EA made Splatoon.
Splatoon is just Fallout 3 with survival elements.
Fallout 3 is the Terraria of platformer games.
Terraria is what would happen if Bungie made Assassin's Creed.
Assassin's Creed is only made for weebs.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves but good.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo for casuals.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for Konami fans.
Watch Dogs is just Payday 2 but good.
Payday 2 is just Toontown but worse.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus for people who play Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is the Majora's Mask of stealth games.
Majora's Mask is just A Link to the Past for people who play Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is the F Zero of action games.
F Zero is what would happen if Take-Two made Fire Emblem.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart for Obsidian fans.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy but good.
Final Fantasy is just Minecraft for hard core gamers.
Minecraft is just GTA IV for 3D Realms fans.
GTA IV is just League of Legends with open world elements.
League of Legends is just Roblox but worse.
Roblox is just Street Fighter for people who play The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is just Morrowind but worse.
Morrowind is what would happen if Insomniac made Warcraft 3.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm for Gameloft fans.
Heroes of the Storm is the Fallout 76 of beat 'em up games.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas for people with social skills.
Fallout: New Vegas is just Pac-Man for Riot Games fans.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry but good.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's but worse.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 for people who play Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 is just Monster Hunter but worse.
Monster Hunter is what would happen if Mojang made Cuphead.
Cuphead is only made for people with social skills.
Sonic the Hedgehog is the Warframe of adventure games.
Warframe is just Mario 64 for hard core gamers.
Mario 64 is only made for weebs.
Zelda is just Super Metroid but good.
Super Metroid is just Super Mario Galaxy but worse.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye for EA fans.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing with strategy.
Animal Crossing is just Donkey Kong Country but worse.
Donkey Kong Country is what would happen if Microsoft made Fortnite.
Fortnite is just Rainbow Six with guns.
Rainbow Six is the San Andreas of action RPG games.
San Andreas is just PUBG for indie devs.
PUBG is only made for mobile gamers.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield but good.
Battlefield is just Skyrim for weebs.
Skyrim is just Destiny for Valve fans.
Destiny is just Dota 2 with multiplayer.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved but worse.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 for people who play Terraria.
Terraria is the Assassin's Creed of roguelike games.
Assassin's Creed is what would happen if Take-Two made Portal.
Portal is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo but good.
Halo is what would happen if DICE made Watch Dogs.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for 3D Realms fans.
Garry's Mod is just Toontown with platforming.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus for indie devs.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid for people who play Ocarina of Time.
Ocarina of Time is just A Link to the Past but worse.
A Link to the Past is what would happen if Insomniac made Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is only made for mobile gamers.
Pokemon is the Banjo-Kazooie of stealth games.
Banjo-Kazooie is what would happen if Rare made Mario Kart.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy for Riot Games fans.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty but good.
Call of Duty is just GTA IV for people who use reddit.
GTA IV is just League of Legends for people who play Roblox.
Roblox is just Smash Bros but worse.
Smash Bros is just The FIFA Series for people who play Morrowind.
Morrowind is the World of Warcraft of rhythm games.
World of Warcraft is what would happen if Konami made Hearthstone.
Hearthstone is only made for people who use reddit.
Fallout 76 is the Fallout: New Vegas of fighting games.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series for indie devs.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza for EA fans.
Forza is just Five Nights at Freddy's but good.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 but worse.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 for Microsoft fans.
Skate 3 is just Monster Hunter with better gameplay.
Monster Hunter is the Cuphead of city simulator games.
Cuphead is just Sonic the Hedgehog for people who play Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is the Mario 64 of beat 'em up games.
Mario 64 is what would happen if 3D Realms made Zelda.
Zelda is just Super Metroid for Valve fans.
Super Metroid is just Tetris but good.
Tetris is just Golden Eye for /r/gaming users.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing for Capcom fans.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports with better gameplay.
Wii Sports is just Kirby but worse.
Kirby is just Rainbow Six for people who play San Andreas.
San Andreas is just Red Dead Redemption II but worse.
Red Dead Redemption II is what would happen if DICE made Rocket League.
Rocket League is just Battlefield for Team Cherry fans.
Battlefield is just Skyrim but good.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Dota 2 for Naughty Dog fans.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved with microtransactions.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 for people who use reddit.
Fallout 4 is just God of War for people who play Assassin's Creed.
Assassin's Creed is just Portal but worse.
Portal is what would happen if Rare made Just Cause.
Just Cause is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Halo 2 is the Watch Dogs of racing games.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for /r/gaming users.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for Ubisoft fans.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands but good.
Borderlands is just Metal Gear Solid for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time for people who play Mario.
Mario is just Donkey Kong but worse.
Donkey Kong is what would happen if Bethesda made Pokemon.
Pokemon is just Banjo-Kazooie with magic.
Banjo-Kazooie is the Earthbound of platformer games.
Earthbound is just Final Fantasy for people who don't go outside.
Final Fantasy is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Call of Duty is just GTA V but good.
GTA V is just Overwatch for people who use reddit.
Overwatch is just Roblox for Bandai Namco fans.
Roblox is just Smash Bros with dungeons.
Smash Bros is just Tekken but worse.
Tekken is just Oblivion for people who play World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is the Hearthstone of stealth games.
Hearthstone is what would happen if 3D Realms made Splatoon.
Splatoon is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series but good.
The NBA 2k Series is what would happen if BioWare made Forza.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for Capcom fans.
Mortal Kombat is just Halo 3 but good.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 for people who don't go outside.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games for people who play Payday 2.
Payday 2 is just Sonic the Hedgehog but worse.
Sonic the Hedgehog is just Stardew Valley for people who play Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is the Majora's Mask of city simulator games.
Majora's Mask is what would happen if Ubisoft made Super Metroid.
Super Metroid is just Tetris for Naughty Dog fans.
Tetris is the F Zero of beat 'em up games.
F Zero is just Animal Crossing for twitter users.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports for people who play Kirby.
Kirby is just Minecraft but worse.
Minecraft is just San Andreas for people who play Red Dead Redemption II.
Red Dead Redemption II is the Rocket League of MOBA games.
Rocket League is what would happen if EA made Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is only made for twitter users.
Skyrim is the Star Wars Battlefront of adventure games.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Warcraft 3 for people who don't go outside.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm for Epic Games fans.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 4 but good.
Fallout 4 is just God of War but worse.
God of War is just Pac-Man for Bethesda fans.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry with microtransactions.
Far Cry is just Just Cause but worse.
Just Cause is what would happen if Valve made Halo 2.
Halo 2 is only made for people who don't go outside.
Team Fortress 2 is the Garry's Mod of MMORPG games.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for twitter users.
Club Penguin is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Borderlands is just Warframe but good.
Warframe is just Ocarina of Time but worse.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario for Zynga fans.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 with nouns.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy but worse.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Banjo-Kazooie for people who play Earthbound.
Earthbound is the Donkey Kong Country of roguelike games.
Donkey Kong Country is what would happen if BioWare made Fortnite.
Fortnite is only made for casuals.
GTA V is just Overwatch but good.
Overwatch is just PUBG for people who listen to EDM.
PUBG is just Smash Bros for ZeniMax fans.
Smash Bros is just Tekken with guns.
Tekken is just Oblivion for twitter users.
Oblivion is just Destiny for people who play Hearthstone.
Hearthstone is just Splatoon but worse.
Splatoon is what would happen if Ubisoft made Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Terraria is the Forza of survival horror games.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for casuals.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves for Infinity Ward fans.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo but good.
Halo is just The Lego Games for people with social skills.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 for people who play Toontown.
Toontown is just Stardew Valley but worse.
Stardew Valley is what would happen if Blizzard made Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is just Majora's Mask with water.
Majora's Mask is the A Link to the Past of rhythm games.
A Link to the Past is what would happen if Bandai Namco made Tetris.
Tetris is only made for people with social skills.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem but good.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart for twitter users.
Mario Kart is just Kirby for id Software fans.
Kirby is just Minecraft but good.
Minecraft is just GTA IV but worse.
GTA IV is just League of Legends for people who play Rocket League.
Rocket League is the Street Fighter of city simulator games.
Street Fighter is just The FIFA Series for people who play Star Wars Battlefront.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Warcraft 3 but good.
Warcraft 3 is what would happen if Gameloft made Heroes of the Storm.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 for Zynga fans.
Fallout 76 is just God of War but good.
God of War is just Pac-Man for weebs.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry for people who play Five Nights at Freddy's.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 2 but worse.
Halo 2 is just Team Fortress 2 for people who play Monster Hunter.
Monster Hunter is the Cuphead of RTS games.
Cuphead is what would happen if Infinity Ward made Borderlands.
Borderlands is just Warframe for ZeniMax fans.
Warframe is just Mario 64 but good.
Mario 64 is just Zelda for casuals.
Zelda is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for 2K fans.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy with strategy.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye but worse.
Golden Eye is just Earthbound for people who play Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is just Fortnite but worse.
Fortnite is what would happen if Epic Games made Rainbow Six.
Rainbow Six is just Overwatch for Take-Two fans.
Overwatch is the PUBG of racing games.
PUBG is just Counter Strike for weebs.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield for LucasArts fans.
Battlefield is just Oblivion but good.
Oblivion is just Destiny but worse.
Destiny is just Dota 2 for people who play Ark: Survival Evolved.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 3 but worse.
Fallout 3 is what would happen if Bandai Namco made Terraria.
Terraria is only made for weebs.
Assassin's Creed is the Mortal Kombat of sport games.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves for mobile gamers.
Sea of Thieves is only made for hard core gamers.
Halo is just Watch Dogs but good.
Watch Dogs is just Payday 2 but worse.
Payday 2 is just Toontown for Rockstar fans.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus with swords.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid but worse.
Metal Gear Solid is just Majora's Mask for people who play A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is the Donkey Kong of stealth games.
Donkey Kong is what would happen if Gameloft made Pokemon.
Pokemon is only made for indie devs.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart but good.
Mario Kart is what would happen if Riot Games made Final Fantasy.
Final Fantasy is just Minecraft for Nintendo fans.
Minecraft is just GTA IV with magic.
GTA IV is just League of Legends for mobile gamers.
League of Legends is just Roblox for people who play Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is just The FIFA Series but worse.
The FIFA Series is what would happen if Infinity Ward made Morrowind.
Morrowind is only made for hard core gamers.
World of Warcraft is the Heroes of the Storm of fighting games.
Heroes of the Storm is what would happen if LucasArts made Fallout 76.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas for 2K fans.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series but good.
The NBA 2k Series is just Far Cry for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's for people who play Halo 3.
Halo 3 is just Team Fortress 2 but worse.
Team Fortress 2 is what would happen if Game Freak made Monster Hunter.
Monster Hunter is just Cuphead with strategy.
Cuphead is the Sonic the Hedgehog of MOBA games.
Sonic the Hedgehog is what would happen if id Software made Warframe.
Warframe is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Mario 64 is just Zelda but good.
Zelda is just Super Metroid for mobile gamers.
Super Metroid is just Super Mario Galaxy for Sony fans.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye but good.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing but worse.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports for people who play Fortnite.
Fortnite is the Rainbow Six of RTS games.
Rainbow Six is what would happen if Zynga made San Andreas.
San Andreas is only made for mobile gamers.
Red Dead Redemption II is the Counter Strike of MMORPG games.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Battlefield is just Skyrim for Rockstar fans.
Skyrim is just Destiny but good.
Destiny is just Dota 2 but worse.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for Bungie fans.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 with multiplayer.
Fallout 4 is the Terraria of action RPG games.
Terraria is just Assassin's Creed for people who play Portal.
Portal is the Just Cause of roguelike games.
Just Cause is what would happen if 2K made Halo.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for Nintendo fans.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod but good.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for indie devs.
Club Penguin is just Shadow of the Colossus for Square Enix fans.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid with platforming.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time but worse.
Ocarina of Time is just A Link to the Past for people who play Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is just Pokemon but worse.
Pokemon is what would happen if LucasArts made Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is just Mario Kart for 3D Realms fans.
Mario Kart is the Final Fantasy of survival horror games.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for people who use reddit.
Call of Duty is just GTA V for Sega fans.
GTA V is just League of Legends but good.
League of Legends is just Roblox but worse.
Roblox is just Smash Bros for people who play Tekken.
Tekken is just Morrowind but worse.
Morrowind is what would happen if id Software made World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is just Hearthstone with story.
Hearthstone is the Fallout 76 of action games.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Fallout: New Vegas is only made for /r/gaming users.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza but good.
Forza is just Five Nights at Freddy's for people who don't go outside.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 for Mojang fans.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 with shields.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games but worse.
The Lego Games is just Cuphead for people who play Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic the Hedgehog is the Stardew Valley of city simulator games.
Stardew Valley is what would happen if Team Cherry made Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is only made for people who don't go outside.
Zelda is just Super Metroid but good.
Super Metroid is what would happen if Naughty Dog made Tetris.
Tetris is just F Zero for Bungie fans.
F Zero is just Animal Crossing with water.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Wii Sports is just Kirby for people who play Rainbow Six.
Rainbow Six is just San Andreas but worse.
San Andreas is what would happen if 2K made Red Dead Redemption II.
Red Dead Redemption II is only made for /r/gaming users.
Rocket League is the Battlefield of adventure games.
Battlefield is what would happen if Sega made Skyrim.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront for Square Enix fans.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Warcraft 3 with water.
Warcraft 3 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for people who listen to EDM.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 for people who play God of War.
God of War is just Pac-Man but worse.
Pac-Man is just Portal for people who play Just Cause.
Just Cause is the Halo 2 of action RPG games.
Halo 2 is what would happen if Sony made Watch Dogs.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for BioWare fans.
Garry's Mod is the Club Penguin of racing games.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Borderlands is just Metal Gear Solid for people who play Ocarina of Time.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario but worse.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for people who play Pokemon.
Pokemon is the Banjo-Kazooie of roguelike games.
Banjo-Kazooie is what would happen if Rockstar made Earthbound.
Earthbound is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Donkey Kong Country is the Call of Duty of sport games.
Call of Duty is just GTA V for people who listen to EDM.
GTA V is just Overwatch for Mojang fans.
Overwatch is just Roblox but good.
Roblox is just Smash Bros but worse.
Smash Bros is just Tekken for Konami fans.
Tekken is just Oblivion with dungeons.
Oblivion is the World of Warcraft of platformer games.
World of Warcraft is just Hearthstone for people who play Splatoon.
Splatoon is the Fallout 3 of stealth games.
Fallout 3 is what would happen if Square Enix made The NBA 2k Series.
The NBA 2k Series is only made for twitter users.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat but good.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves for people who don't go outside.
Sea of Thieves is just Skate 3 for Obsidian fans.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games with survival elements.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 for people who listen to EDM.
Payday 2 is just Sonic the Hedgehog for people who play Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is just Hollow Knight but worse.
Hollow Knight is what would happen if Sega made Majora's Mask.
Majora's Mask is only made for people with social skills.
Super Metroid is the Tetris of fighting games.
Tetris is just F Zero for twitter users.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem for Take-Two fans.
Fire Emblem is just Wii Sports but good.
Wii Sports is just Kirby for casuals.
Kirby is just Minecraft for people who play GTA IV.
GTA IV is just Red Dead Redemption II but worse.
Red Dead Redemption II is what would happen if Sony made Rocket League.
Rocket League is just Street Fighter with microtransactions.
Street Fighter is the The FIFA Series of MOBA games.
The FIFA Series is just Star Wars Battlefront for people with social skills.
Star Wars Battlefront is only made for casuals.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm but good.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 4 for weebs.
Fallout 4 is just God of War for Rare fans.
God of War is just Pac-Man with stealth.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry but worse.
Far Cry is just Just Cause for people who play Halo 2.
Halo 2 is the Team Fortress 2 of RTS games.
Team Fortress 2 is what would happen if Bungie made Monster Hunter.
Monster Hunter is only made for weebs.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands but good.
Borderlands is just Warframe for casuals.
Warframe is just Mario 64 for Konami fans.
Mario 64 is just Mario but good.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 but worse.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy for people who play Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is the Earthbound of action RPG games.
Earthbound is just Donkey Kong Country for people who play Fortnite.
Fortnite is just GTA V but good.
GTA V is what would happen if Take-Two made Overwatch.
Overwatch is just PUBG for Obsidian fans.
PUBG is just Counter Strike but good.
Counter Strike is just Tekken for hard core gamers.
Tekken is just Oblivion for people who play Destiny.
Destiny is just Dota 2 but worse.
Dota 2 is just Splatoon for people who play Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is the Terraria of platformer games.
Terraria is what would happen if Insomniac made Forza.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for Gameloft fans.
Mortal Kombat is the Sea of Thieves of survival horror games.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo for people with social skills.
Halo is just The Lego Games for people who play Payday 2.
Payday 2 is just Toontown but worse.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus for people who play Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is just Majora's Mask but worse.
Majora's Mask is what would happen if Mojang made A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is only made for people with social skills.
Donkey Kong is the F Zero of action games.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem for hard core gamers.
Fire Emblem is only made for weebs.
Mario Kart is just Kirby but good.
Kirby is just Minecraft but worse.
Minecraft is just GTA IV for EA fans.
GTA IV is just League of Legends with open world elements.
League of Legends is just Rocket League but worse.
Rocket League is just Street Fighter for people who play The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is the Morrowind of city simulator games.
Morrowind is what would happen if Obsidian made Warcraft 3.
Warcraft 3 is only made for mobile gamers.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 but good.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas for weebs.
Fallout: New Vegas is just Pac-Man for Valve fans.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry with story.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's for hard core gamers.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 for people who play Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 is just Monster Hunter but worse.
Monster Hunter is what would happen if Take-Two made Cuphead.
Cuphead is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Borderlands is the Warframe of adventure games.
Warframe is just Mario 64 for mobile gamers.
Mario 64 is just Zelda for 3D Realms fans.
Zelda is just Super Mario Bros. 3 but good.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy for indie devs.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye for people who play Animal Crossing.
Animal Crossing is just Donkey Kong Country but worse.
Donkey Kong Country is what would happen if Insomniac made Fortnite.
Fortnite is only made for mobile gamers.
Rainbow Six is the San Andreas of action RPG games.
San Andreas is what would happen if Rare made PUBG.
PUBG is just Counter Strike for Riot Games fans.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield but good.
Battlefield is just Oblivion for people who use reddit.
Oblivion is just Destiny for people who play Dota 2.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved but worse.
Ark: Survival Evolved is what would happen if Epic Games made Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is just Terraria with swords.
Terraria is the Assassin's Creed of roguelike games.
Assassin's Creed is what would happen if Konami made Portal.
Portal is only made for people who use reddit.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo but good.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for indie devs.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for EA fans.
Garry's Mod is just Toontown but good.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus but worse.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid for people who play Majora's Mask.
Majora's Mask is the A Link to the Past of platformer games.
A Link to the Past is just Donkey Kong for people who play Pokemon.
Pokemon is just Fire Emblem but good.
Fire Emblem is what would happen if 3D Realms made Mario Kart.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy for Valve fans.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty but good.
Call of Duty is just GTA IV for /r/gaming users.
GTA IV is just League of Legends for Capcom fans.
League of Legends is just Roblox with magic.
Roblox is just Smash Bros but worse.
Smash Bros is just The FIFA Series for people who play Morrowind.
Morrowind is just World of Warcraft but worse.
World of Warcraft is what would happen if Riot Games made Heroes of the Storm.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 for Team Cherry fans.
Fallout 76 is the Fallout: New Vegas of fighting games.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series for people who unironically identify as gamers.
The NBA 2k Series is just Far Cry for Naughty Dog fans.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's but good.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 but worse.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 for people who play Monster Hunter.
Monster Hunter is just Cuphead but worse.
Cuphead is what would happen if Rare made Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic the Hedgehog is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Stardew Valley is the Mario 64 of beat 'em up games.
Mario 64 is just Zelda for /r/gaming users.
Zelda is only made for people who use reddit.
Super Metroid is just Tetris but good.
Tetris is just Golden Eye but worse.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing for Epic Games fans.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports with better gameplay.
Wii Sports is just Fortnite but worse.
Fortnite is just Rainbow Six for people who play San Andreas.
San Andreas is the Red Dead Redemption II of RTS games.
Red Dead Redemption II is just Counter Strike for people who don't go outside.
Counter Strike is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Battlefield is just Skyrim but good.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront for people who use reddit.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Dota 2 for Bandai Namco fans.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved with microtransactions.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 but worse.
Fallout 4 is just God of War for people who play Assassin's Creed.
Assassin's Creed is the Portal of action RPG games.
Portal is what would happen if 3D Realms made Just Cause.
Just Cause is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Halo is just Watch Dogs but good.
Watch Dogs is what would happen if BioWare made Garry's Mod.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for Capcom fans.
Club Penguin is just Shadow of the Colossus with nouns.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid for people who don't go outside.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time for people who play Mario.
Mario is just Donkey Kong but worse.
Donkey Kong is what would happen if Riot Games made Pokemon.
Pokemon is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Banjo-Kazooie is the Earthbound of platformer games.
Earthbound is what would happen if Ubisoft made Final Fantasy.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for Naughty Dog fans.
Call of Duty is just GTA V but good.
GTA V is just League of Legends for twitter users.
League of Legends is just Roblox for people who play Smash Bros.
Smash Bros is just Tekken but worse.
Tekken is what would happen if LucasArts made Morrowind.
Morrowind is just World of Warcraft with shields.
World of Warcraft is the Hearthstone of stealth games.
Hearthstone is what would happen if EA made Splatoon.
Splatoon is only made for twitter users.
Fallout: New Vegas is the The NBA 2k Series of action games.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza for people who don't go outside.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for Epic Games fans.
Mortal Kombat is just Halo 3 but good.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 but worse.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games for Bethesda fans.
The Lego Games is just Cuphead with water.
Cuphead is the Sonic the Hedgehog of rhythm games.
Sonic the Hedgehog is just Stardew Valley for people who play Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is the Zelda of fighting games.
Zelda is what would happen if Capcom made Super Metroid.
Super Metroid is just Tetris for Bandai Namco fans.
Tetris is just F Zero but good.
F Zero is just Animal Crossing for casuals.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports for Zynga fans.
Wii Sports is just Kirby with water.
Kirby is just Minecraft but worse.
Minecraft is just San Andreas for people who play Red Dead Redemption II.
Red Dead Redemption II is just Rocket League but worse.
Rocket League is what would happen if BioWare made Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is just Skyrim for Bungie fans.
Skyrim is the Star Wars Battlefront of adventure games.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Warcraft 3 for people who listen to EDM.
Warcraft 3 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for ZeniMax fans.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 but good.
Fallout 4 is just God of War for twitter users.
God of War is just Pac-Man for people who play Portal.
Portal is just Just Cause but worse.
Just Cause is what would happen if Ubisoft made Halo 2.
Halo 2 is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Team Fortress 2 is the Garry's Mod of MMORPG games.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for casuals.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands for Infinity Ward fans.
Borderlands is just Warframe but good.
Warframe is just Ocarina of Time for people with social skills.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario for people who play Super Mario Bros. 3.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Pokemon but worse.
Pokemon is what would happen if Blizzard made Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is just Earthbound with dungeons.
Earthbound is the Donkey Kong Country of roguelike games.
Donkey Kong Country is just Call of Duty for weebs.
Call of Duty is only made for people with social skills.
GTA V is just Overwatch but good.
Overwatch is just PUBG for twitter users.
PUBG is just Smash Bros for id Software fans.
Smash Bros is just Tekken with guns.
Tekken is just Oblivion but worse.
Oblivion is just Destiny for people who play Hearthstone.
Hearthstone is the Splatoon of platformer games.
Splatoon is what would happen if Capcom made Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is only made for hard core gamers.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza but good.
Forza is what would happen if Gameloft made Mortal Kombat.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves for Zynga fans.
Sea of Thieves is just Skate 3 but good.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games for weebs.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 for people who play Toontown.
Toontown is just Stardew Valley but worse.
Stardew Valley is just Hollow Knight for people who play Majora's Mask.
Majora's Mask is the A Link to the Past of rhythm games.
A Link to the Past is what would happen if Infinity Ward made Tetris.
Tetris is just F Zero for ZeniMax fans.
F Zero is the Fire Emblem of fighting games.
Fire Emblem is just Wii Sports for mobile gamers.
Wii Sports is just Kirby for people who play Minecraft.
Minecraft is just GTA IV but worse.
GTA IV is just Red Dead Redemption II for people who play Rocket League.
Rocket League is the Street Fighter of city simulator games.
Street Fighter is what would happen if Epic Games made The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is only made for mobile gamers.
Star Wars Battlefront is the Warcraft 3 of beat 'em up games.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm for weebs.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 for LucasArts fans.
Fallout 76 is just God of War but good.
God of War is just Pac-Man but worse.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry for Blizzard fans.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's with stealth.
Five Nights at Freddy's is the Halo 2 of MOBA games.
Halo 2 is just Team Fortress 2 for people who play Monster Hunter.
Monster Hunter is the Club Penguin of adventure games.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands for mobile gamers.
Borderlands is only made for hard core gamers.
Warframe is just Mario 64 but good.
Mario 64 is just Mario but worse.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for Rockstar fans.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy with strategy.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye but worse.
Golden Eye is just Earthbound for people who play Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is the Fortnite of action RPG games.
Fortnite is what would happen if Gameloft made Rainbow Six.
Rainbow Six is only made for indie devs.
Overwatch is just PUBG but good.
PUBG is just Counter Strike for hard core gamers.
Counter Strike is just Tekken for Nintendo fans.
Tekken is just Oblivion with multiplayer.
Oblivion is just Destiny for mobile gamers.
Destiny is just Dota 2 for people who play Splatoon.
Splatoon is just Fallout 3 but worse.
Fallout 3 is what would happen if Infinity Ward made Terraria.
Terraria is only made for hard core gamers.
Assassin's Creed is the Mortal Kombat of sport games.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves for indie devs.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo for 2K fans.
Halo is just Watch Dogs but good.
Watch Dogs is just Payday 2 for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Payday 2 is just Toontown for people who play Shadow of the Colossus.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Hollow Knight but worse.
Hollow Knight is what would happen if Game Freak made Majora's Mask.
Majora's Mask is just A Link to the Past with open world elements.
A Link to the Past is the Donkey Kong of stealth games.
Donkey Kong is what would happen if id Software made F Zero.
F Zero is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart but good.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy for mobile gamers.
Final Fantasy is just Minecraft for Sony fans.
Minecraft is just GTA IV but good.
GTA IV is just League of Legends but worse.
League of Legends is just Roblox for people who play Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is the The FIFA Series of rhythm games.
The FIFA Series is just Morrowind for people who play World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is just Heroes of the Storm but good.
Heroes of the Storm is what would happen if Team Cherry made Fallout 76.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas for Rockstar fans.
Fallout: New Vegas is just Pac-Man but good.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry for people who use reddit.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's for people who play Halo 3.
Halo 3 is just Team Fortress 2 but worse.
Team Fortress 2 is just Monster Hunter for people who play Cuphead.
Cuphead is the Sonic the Hedgehog of MOBA games.
Sonic the Hedgehog is what would happen if 2K made Warframe.
Warframe is just Mario 64 for Nintendo fans.
Mario 64 is the Zelda of adventure games.
Zelda is just Super Metroid for indie devs.
Super Metroid is just Super Mario Galaxy for people who play Golden Eye.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing but worse.
Animal Crossing is just Donkey Kong Country for people who play Fortnite.
Fortnite is just Rainbow Six but worse.
Rainbow Six is what would happen if LucasArts made San Andreas.
San Andreas is just PUBG for 3D Realms fans.
PUBG is the Counter Strike of MMORPG games.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield for people who use reddit.
Battlefield is just Skyrim for Sega fans.
Skyrim is just Destiny but good.
Destiny is just Dota 2 but worse.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for people who play Fallout 4.
Fallout 4 is just Terraria but worse.
Terraria is what would happen if id Software made Assassin's Creed.
Assassin's Creed is only made for people who use reddit.
Portal is the Sea of Thieves of racing games.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Halo is only made for /r/gaming users.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod but good.
Garry's Mod is just Toontown but worse.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus for Mojang fans.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid with platforming.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time but worse.
Ocarina of Time is just A Link to the Past for people who play Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is the Pokemon of platformer games.
Pokemon is what would happen if Team Cherry made Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is only made for people who don't go outside.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy but good.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for /r/gaming users.
Call of Duty is just GTA IV for Microsoft fans.
GTA IV is just League of Legends with dungeons.
League of Legends is just Roblox for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Roblox is just Smash Bros for people who play The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is just Morrowind but worse.
Morrowind is what would happen if 2K made World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is only made for /r/gaming users.
Hearthstone is the Fallout 76 of action games.
Fallout 76 is what would happen if Sega made Fallout: New Vegas.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series for Square Enix fans.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza but good.
Forza is just Five Nights at Freddy's for people who listen to EDM.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 for people who play Skate 3.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games but worse.
The Lego Games is what would happen if DICE made Cuphead.
Cuphead is just Sonic the Hedgehog with better gameplay.
Sonic the Hedgehog is the Stardew Valley of city simulator games.
Stardew Valley is what would happen if Sony made Mario 64.
Mario 64 is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Zelda is just Super Metroid but good.
Super Metroid is just Tetris for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Tetris is just Golden Eye for Insomniac fans.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing but good.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports but worse.
Wii Sports is just Kirby for people who play Rainbow Six.
Rainbow Six is the San Andreas of MOBA games.
San Andreas is just Red Dead Redemption II for people who play Rocket League.
Rocket League is just Battlefield but good.
Battlefield is just Skyrim for people who listen to EDM.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront for Mojang fans.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Dota 2 but good.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved but worse.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 for Konami fans.
Fallout 4 is just God of War with microtransactions.
God of War is the Assassin's Creed of RTS games.
Assassin's Creed is just Portal for people who play Just Cause.
Just Cause is the Halo 2 of action RPG games.
Halo 2 is what would happen if Square Enix made Watch Dogs.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for Microsoft fans.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin but good.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands for people who don't go outside.
Borderlands is just Metal Gear Solid for Obsidian fans.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time with nouns.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario but worse.
Mario is just Donkey Kong for people who play Pokemon.
Pokemon is just Banjo-Kazooie but worse.
Banjo-Kazooie is what would happen if Sega made Earthbound.
Earthbound is just Final Fantasy for Capcom fans.
Final Fantasy is the Call of Duty of sport games.
Call of Duty is just GTA V for twitter users.
GTA V is just Overwatch for Take-Two fans.
Overwatch is just Roblox but good.
Roblox is just Smash Bros but worse.
Smash Bros is just Tekken for people who play Oblivion.
Oblivion is just World of Warcraft but worse.
World of Warcraft is what would happen if Sony made Hearthstone.
Hearthstone is just Splatoon with shields.
Splatoon is the Fallout: New Vegas of survival horror games.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series for people with social skills.
The NBA 2k Series is only made for casuals.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat but good.
Mortal Kombat is just Halo 3 for weebs.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 for Rare fans.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games with survival elements.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 but worse.
Payday 2 is just Sonic the Hedgehog for people who play Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is the Hollow Knight of rhythm games.
Hollow Knight is what would happen if Bungie made Majora's Mask.
Majora's Mask is only made for weebs.
Super Metroid is just Tetris but good.
Tetris is what would happen if ZeniMax made F Zero.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem for Konami fans.
Fire Emblem is just Wii Sports with open world elements.
Wii Sports is just Kirby for people with social skills.
Kirby is just Minecraft for people who play San Andreas.
San Andreas is just Red Dead Redemption II but worse.
Red Dead Redemption II is what would happen if Square Enix made Rocket League.
Rocket League is only made for casuals.
Street Fighter is the Skyrim of beat 'em up games.
Skyrim is what would happen if Take-Two made Star Wars Battlefront.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Warcraft 3 for Obsidian fans.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm but good.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 4 for hard core gamers.
Fallout 4 is just God of War for people who play Pac-Man.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry but worse.
Far Cry is just Just Cause for people who play Halo 2.
Halo 2 is the Team Fortress 2 of RTS games.
Team Fortress 2 is what would happen if Insomniac made Garry's Mod.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for Gameloft fans.
Club Penguin is the Borderlands of MMORPG games.
Borderlands is just Warframe for people with social skills.
Warframe is just Ocarina of Time for people who play Mario.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 but worse.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy for people who play Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is the Earthbound of action RPG games.
Earthbound is what would happen if Mojang made Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is only made for people with social skills.
Fortnite is the GTA V of racing games.
GTA V is just Overwatch for hard core gamers.
Overwatch is just PUBG for Rare fans.
PUBG is just Smash Bros but good.
Smash Bros is just Tekken but worse.
Tekken is just Oblivion for EA fans.
Oblivion is just Destiny with guns.
Destiny is the Hearthstone of roguelike games.
Hearthstone is just Splatoon for people who play Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is the Terraria of platformer games.
Terraria is what would happen if Obsidian made Forza.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for Bethesda fans.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves but good.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo for weebs.
Halo is just The Lego Games for Valve fans.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 with swords.
Payday 2 is just Toontown for hard core gamers.
Toontown is just Stardew Valley for people who play Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is just Majora's Mask but worse.
Majora's Mask is what would happen if Take-Two made A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Tetris is the F Zero of action games.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem for mobile gamers.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart for 3D Realms fans.
Mario Kart is just Kirby but good.
Kirby is just Minecraft for indie devs.
Minecraft is just GTA IV for people who play League of Legends.
League of Legends is just Rocket League but worse.
Rocket League is what would happen if Insomniac made Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is just The FIFA Series with stealth.
The FIFA Series is the Morrowind of city simulator games.
Morrowind is just Warcraft 3 for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Warcraft 3 is only made for indie devs.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 but good.
Fallout 76 is just God of War for people who use reddit.
God of War is just Pac-Man for Ubisoft fans.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry with story.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's but worse.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 2 for people who play Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 is the Monster Hunter of MOBA games.
Monster Hunter is what would happen if Konami made Cuphead.
Cuphead is only made for people who use reddit.
Borderlands is just Warframe but good.
Warframe is what would happen if Nintendo made Mario 64.
Mario 64 is just Zelda for EA fans.
Zelda is just Super Mario Bros. 3 but good.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy but worse.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye for people who play Earthbound.
Earthbound is the Donkey Kong Country of RTS games.
Donkey Kong Country is just Fortnite for people who play Rainbow Six.
Rainbow Six is just Overwatch but good.
Overwatch is what would happen if 3D Realms made PUBG.
PUBG is just Counter Strike for Valve fans.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield but good.
Battlefield is just Oblivion for /r/gaming users.
Oblivion is just Destiny for people who play Dota 2.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved but worse.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 3 for people who play Terraria.
Terraria is the Assassin's Creed of roguelike games.
Assassin's Creed is what would happen if Riot Games made Mortal Kombat.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves for Team Cherry fans.
Sea of Thieves is the Halo of sport games.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Watch Dogs is just Payday 2 for people who play Toontown.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus but worse.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid for people who play Majora's Mask.
Majora's Mask is the A Link to the Past of platformer games.
A Link to the Past is what would happen if Rare made Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Pokemon is the Fire Emblem of survival horror games.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart for /r/gaming users.
Mario Kart is only made for people who use reddit.
Final Fantasy is just Minecraft but good.
Minecraft is just GTA IV but worse.
GTA IV is just League of Legends for Epic Games fans.
League of Legends is just Roblox with magic.
Roblox is just Street Fighter but worse.
Street Fighter is just The FIFA Series for people who play Morrowind.
Morrowind is the World of Warcraft of rhythm games.
World of Warcraft is what would happen if Valve made Heroes of the Storm.
Heroes of the Storm is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas but good.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series for people who use reddit.
The NBA 2k Series is just Far Cry for Bandai Namco fans.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's with shields.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 for /r/gaming users.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 for people who play Monster Hunter.
Monster Hunter is just Cuphead but worse.
Cuphead is what would happen if 3D Realms made Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic the Hedgehog is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Warframe is the Mario 64 of beat 'em up games.
Mario 64 is just Zelda for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Zelda is just Super Metroid for Capcom fans.
Super Metroid is just Super Mario Galaxy but good.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye for people who don't go outside.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing for people who play Wii Sports.
Wii Sports is just Fortnite but worse.
Fortnite is what would happen if Riot Games made Rainbow Six.
Rainbow Six is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
San Andreas is the Red Dead Redemption II of RTS games.
Red Dead Redemption II is what would happen if Ubisoft made Counter Strike.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield for Naughty Dog fans.
Battlefield is just Skyrim but good.
Skyrim is just Destiny for twitter users.
Destiny is just Dota 2 for people who play Ark: Survival Evolved.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 but worse.
Fallout 4 is what would happen if LucasArts made Terraria.
Terraria is just Assassin's Creed with platforming.
Assassin's Creed is the Portal of action RPG games.
Portal is what would happen if EA made Just Cause.
Just Cause is only made for twitter users.
Halo is just Watch Dogs but good.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for people who don't go outside.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for Epic Games fans.
Club Penguin is just Shadow of the Colossus but good.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid but worse.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time for people who play A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is the Donkey Kong of roguelike games.
Donkey Kong is just Pokemon for people who play Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is just Mario Kart but good.
Mario Kart is what would happen if Capcom made Final Fantasy.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for Bandai Namco fans.
Call of Duty is just GTA V but good.
GTA V is just League of Legends for casuals.
League of Legends is just Roblox for people who play Smash Bros.
Smash Bros is just Tekken but worse.
Tekken is just Morrowind for people who play World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is just Hearthstone but worse.
Hearthstone is what would happen if BioWare made Splatoon.
Splatoon is just Fallout: New Vegas for Bungie fans.
Fallout: New Vegas is the The NBA 2k Series of action games.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza for people who listen to EDM.
Forza is just Five Nights at Freddy's for ZeniMax fans.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 but good.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 but worse.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games for people who play Cuphead.
Cuphead is just Sonic the Hedgehog but worse.
Sonic the Hedgehog is what would happen if Ubisoft made Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Hollow Knight is the Zelda of fighting games.
Zelda is just Super Metroid for casuals.
Super Metroid is only made for twitter users.
Tetris is just F Zero but good.
F Zero is just Animal Crossing but worse.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports for LucasArts fans.
Wii Sports is just Kirby with water.
Kirby is just Rainbow Six but worse.
Rainbow Six is just San Andreas for people who play Red Dead Redemption II.
Red Dead Redemption II is the Rocket League of MOBA games.
Rocket League is what would happen if Bandai Namco made Battlefield.
Battlefield is only made for people with social skills.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront but good.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Warcraft 3 for twitter users.
Warcraft 3 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for id Software fans.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 with stealth.
Fallout 4 is just God of War but worse.
God of War is just Pac-Man for people who play Portal.
Portal is the Just Cause of RTS games.
Just Cause is what would happen if Capcom made Halo 2.
Halo 2 is only made for hard core gamers.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod but good.
Garry's Mod is what would happen if Gameloft made Club Penguin.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands for Zynga fans.
Borderlands is just Metal Gear Solid with strategy.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time for weebs.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario for people who play Super Mario Bros. 3.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Pokemon but worse.
Pokemon is what would happen if Naughty Dog made Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is only made for people with social skills.
Earthbound is the Donkey Kong Country of roguelike games.
Donkey Kong Country is what would happen if Infinity Ward made Call of Duty.
Call of Duty is just GTA V for ZeniMax fans.
GTA V is just Overwatch but good.
Overwatch is just Roblox for mobile gamers.
Roblox is just Smash Bros for people who play Tekken.
Tekken is just Oblivion but worse.
Oblivion is what would happen if Sega made World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is just Hearthstone with survival elements.
Hearthstone is the Splatoon of platformer games.
Splatoon is what would happen if Epic Games made Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is only made for mobile gamers.
The NBA 2k Series is the Forza of survival horror games.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for weebs.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves for LucasArts fans.
Sea of Thieves is just Skate 3 but good.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games but worse.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 for Blizzard fans.
Payday 2 is just Toontown with survival elements.
Toontown is the Stardew Valley of stealth games.
Stardew Valley is just Hollow Knight for people who play Majora's Mask.
Majora's Mask is the Super Metroid of action games.
Super Metroid is what would happen if Zynga made Tetris.
Tetris is just F Zero for id Software fans.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem but good.
Fire Emblem is just Wii Sports for indie devs.
Wii Sports is just Kirby for Rockstar fans.
Kirby is just Minecraft with open world elements.
Minecraft is just GTA IV but worse.
GTA IV is just Red Dead Redemption II for people who play Rocket League.
Rocket League is just Street Fighter but worse.
Street Fighter is what would happen if Gameloft made The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is just Star Wars Battlefront for Konami fans.
Star Wars Battlefront is the Warcraft 3 of beat 'em up games.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm for hard core gamers.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 4 for Nintendo fans.
Fallout 4 is just God of War but good.
God of War is just Pac-Man but worse.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry for people who play Just Cause.
Just Cause is just Halo 2 but worse.
Halo 2 is what would happen if Infinity Ward made Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 is only made for hard core gamers.
Monster Hunter is the Club Penguin of adventure games.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands for indie devs.
Borderlands is just Warframe for 2K fans.
Warframe is just Mario 64 but good.
Mario 64 is just Mario for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for people who play Super Mario Galaxy.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Banjo-Kazooie but worse.
Banjo-Kazooie is what would happen if Game Freak made Earthbound.
Earthbound is just Donkey Kong Country with guns.
Donkey Kong Country is the Fortnite of action RPG games.
Fortnite is just GTA V for people who use reddit.
GTA V is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Overwatch is just PUBG but good.
PUBG is just Counter Strike for mobile gamers.
Counter Strike is just Tekken for Sony fans.
Tekken is just Oblivion with multiplayer.
Oblivion is just Destiny but worse.
Destiny is just Dota 2 for people who play Splatoon.
Splatoon is the Fallout 3 of roguelike games.
Fallout 3 is what would happen if Zynga made Terraria.
Terraria is only made for /r/gaming users.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat but good.
Mortal Kombat is what would happen if Team Cherry made Sea of Thieves.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo for Rockstar fans.
Halo is just The Lego Games with platforming.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 for people who use reddit.
Payday 2 is just Toontown for people who play Shadow of the Colossus.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Hollow Knight but worse.
Hollow Knight is just Majora's Mask for people who play A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is the Donkey Kong of stealth games.
Donkey Kong is what would happen if 2K made F Zero.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem for Nintendo fans.
Fire Emblem is the Mario Kart of action games.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy for indie devs.
Final Fantasy is just Minecraft for people who play GTA IV.
GTA IV is just League of Legends but worse.
League of Legends is just Rocket League for people who play Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is the The FIFA Series of rhythm games.
The FIFA Series is what would happen if LucasArts made Morrowind.
Morrowind is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Warcraft 3 is the Heroes of the Storm of fighting games.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 for people who use reddit.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas for Sega fans.
Fallout: New Vegas is just Pac-Man but good.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry but worse.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's for Game Freak fans.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 with story.
Halo 3 is the Team Fortress 2 of city simulator games.
Team Fortress 2 is just Monster Hunter for people who play Cuphead.
Cuphead is the Borderlands of beat 'em up games.
Borderlands is what would happen if Rockstar made Warframe.
Warframe is just Mario 64 for Sony fans.
Mario 64 is just Zelda but good.
Zelda is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for people who don't go outside.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy for Mojang fans.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye with better gameplay.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing but worse.
Animal Crossing is just Donkey Kong Country for people who play Fortnite.
Fortnite is the Rainbow Six of RTS games.
Rainbow Six is what would happen if Team Cherry made San Andreas.
San Andreas is only made for people who don't go outside.
PUBG is just Counter Strike but good.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield for /r/gaming users.
Battlefield is just Oblivion for Microsoft fans.
Oblivion is just Destiny with microtransactions.
Destiny is just Dota 2 for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for people who play Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is just Terraria but worse.
Terraria is what would happen if 2K made Assassin's Creed.
Assassin's Creed is only made for /r/gaming users.
Portal is the Sea of Thieves of racing games.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo for people who don't go outside.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for Square Enix fans.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod but good.
Garry's Mod is just Toontown for people who listen to EDM.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus for people who play Metal Gear Solid.
Metal Gear Solid is just Majora's Mask but worse.
Majora's Mask is what would happen if DICE made A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is just Donkey Kong with magic.
Donkey Kong is the Pokemon of platformer games.
Pokemon is just Fire Emblem for twitter users.
Fire Emblem is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy but good.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Call of Duty is just GTA IV for Insomniac fans.
GTA IV is just League of Legends but good.
League of Legends is just Roblox but worse.
Roblox is just Smash Bros for people who play The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is the Morrowind of stealth games.
Morrowind is just World of Warcraft for people who play Hearthstone.
Hearthstone is just Fallout 76 but good.
Fallout 76 is what would happen if Bungie made Fallout: New Vegas.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series for Mojang fans.
The NBA 2k Series is just Far Cry but good.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's for twitter users.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 for people who play Skate 3.
Skate 3 is just Monster Hunter but worse.
Monster Hunter is just Cuphead for people who play Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic the Hedgehog is the Stardew Valley of city simulator games.
Stardew Valley is what would happen if Square Enix made Mario 64.
Mario 64 is just Zelda for Microsoft fans.
Zelda is the Super Metroid of beat 'em up games.
Super Metroid is just Tetris for people who don't go outside.
Tetris is just Golden Eye for people who play Animal Crossing.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports but worse.
Wii Sports is just Fortnite for people who play Rainbow Six.
Rainbow Six is the San Andreas of MOBA games.
San Andreas is what would happen if Sega made Red Dead Redemption II.
Red Dead Redemption II is just Counter Strike for Capcom fans.
Counter Strike is the Battlefield of adventure games.
Battlefield is just Skyrim for twitter users.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront for Take-Two fans.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Dota 2 but good.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved but worse.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 for people who play God of War.
God of War is just Assassin's Creed but worse.
Assassin's Creed is what would happen if Sony made Portal.
Portal is only made for twitter users.
Just Cause is the Halo of MMORPG games.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for people with social skills.
Watch Dogs is only made for casuals.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin but good.
Club Penguin is just Shadow of the Colossus but worse.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid for Rare fans.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time with nouns.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario but worse.
Mario is just Donkey Kong for people who play Pokemon.
Pokemon is the Banjo-Kazooie of roguelike games.
Banjo-Kazooie is what would happen if Bungie made Earthbound.
Earthbound is only made for weebs.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty but good.
Call of Duty is just GTA V for casuals.
GTA V is just League of Legends for Bethesda fans.
League of Legends is just Roblox with guns.
Roblox is just Smash Bros for people with social skills.
Smash Bros is just Tekken for people who play Morrowind.
Morrowind is just World of Warcraft but worse.
World of Warcraft is what would happen if Square Enix made Hearthstone.
Hearthstone is only made for casuals.
Splatoon is the Fallout: New Vegas of survival horror games.
Fallout: New Vegas is what would happen if Take-Two made The NBA 2k Series.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza for Obsidian fans.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat but good.
Mortal Kombat is just Halo 3 for hard core gamers.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 for people who play The Lego Games.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 but worse.
Payday 2 is what would happen if BioWare made Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic the Hedgehog is just Stardew Valley with water.
Stardew Valley is the Hollow Knight of rhythm games.
Hollow Knight is what would happen if Insomniac made Zelda.
Zelda is only made for hard core gamers.
Super Metroid is just Tetris but good.
Tetris is just F Zero for people with social skills.
F Zero is just Animal Crossing for Riot Games fans.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports but good.
Wii Sports is just Kirby but worse.
Kirby is just Minecraft for people who play San Andreas.
San Andreas is the Red Dead Redemption II of city simulator games.
Red Dead Redemption II is just Rocket League for people who play Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is just Skyrim but good.
Skyrim is what would happen if Konami made Star Wars Battlefront.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Warcraft 3 for Rare fans.
Warcraft 3 is just Ark: Survival Evolved but good.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 for mobile gamers.
Fallout 4 is just God of War for EA fans.
God of War is just Pac-Man with stealth.
Pac-Man is the Portal of MOBA games.
Portal is just Just Cause for people who play Halo 2.
Halo 2 is the Team Fortress 2 of RTS games.
Team Fortress 2 is what would happen if Obsidian made Garry's Mod.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for Bethesda fans.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands but good.
Borderlands is just Warframe for weebs.
Warframe is just Ocarina of Time for Valve fans.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario with strategy.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 but worse.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Pokemon for people who play Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is just Earthbound but worse.
Earthbound is what would happen if Take-Two made Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is just Call of Duty for Zynga fans.
Call of Duty is the GTA V of racing games.
GTA V is just Overwatch for mobile gamers.
Overwatch is just PUBG for 3D Realms fans.
PUBG is just Smash Bros but good.
Smash Bros is just Tekken but worse.
Tekken is just Oblivion for people who play Destiny.
Destiny is just Hearthstone but worse.
Hearthstone is what would happen if Insomniac made Splatoon.
Splatoon is only made for mobile gamers.
Fallout 3 is the The NBA 2k Series of sport games.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Forza is only made for indie devs.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves but good.
Sea of Thieves is just Skate 3 for people who use reddit.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games for Ubisoft fans.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 with swords.
Payday 2 is just Toontown but worse.
Toontown is just Stardew Valley for people who play Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is the Majora's Mask of stealth games.
Majora's Mask is what would happen if Konami made A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is only made for people who use reddit.
Tetris is just F Zero but good.
F Zero is what would happen if Nintendo made Fire Emblem.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart for EA fans.
Mario Kart is just Kirby with magic.
Kirby is just Minecraft for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Minecraft is just GTA IV for people who play Red Dead Redemption II.
Red Dead Redemption II is just Rocket League but worse.
Rocket League is what would happen if Obsidian made Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is only made for indie devs.
The FIFA Series is the Star Wars Battlefront of fighting games.
Star Wars Battlefront is what would happen if 3D Realms made Warcraft 3.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm for Valve fans.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 but good.
Fallout 76 is just God of War for /r/gaming users.
God of War is just Pac-Man for people who play Far Cry.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's but worse.
Five Nights at Freddy's is what would happen if Gameloft made Halo 2.
Halo 2 is just Team Fortress 2 with strategy.
Team Fortress 2 is the Monster Hunter of MOBA games.
Monster Hunter is what would happen if Riot Games made Club Penguin.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands for Team Cherry fans.
Borderlands is the Warframe of adventure games.
Warframe is just Mario 64 for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Mario 64 is just Mario for people who play Super Mario Bros. 3.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy but worse.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye for people who play Earthbound.
Earthbound is the Donkey Kong Country of RTS games.
Donkey Kong Country is what would happen if Rare made Fortnite.
Fortnite is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Rainbow Six is the Overwatch of MMORPG games.
Overwatch is just PUBG for /r/gaming users.
PUBG is just Counter Strike for Ubisoft fans.
Counter Strike is just Tekken but good.
Tekken is just Oblivion but worse.
Oblivion is just Destiny for Epic Games fans.
Destiny is just Dota 2 with multiplayer.
Dota 2 is the Splatoon of action RPG games.
Splatoon is just Fallout 3 for people who play Terraria.
Terraria is the Assassin's Creed of roguelike games.
Assassin's Creed is what would happen if Valve made Mortal Kombat.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves for Blizzard fans.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo but good.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for people who use reddit.
Watch Dogs is just Payday 2 for Bandai Namco fans.
Payday 2 is just Toontown with platforming.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus but worse.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid for people who play Majora's Mask.
Majora's Mask is just A Link to the Past but worse.
A Link to the Past is what would happen if 3D Realms made Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is only made for people who listen to EDM.
F Zero is the Fire Emblem of survival horror games.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy for Capcom fans.
Final Fantasy is just Minecraft but good.
Minecraft is just GTA IV for people who don't go outside.
GTA IV is just League of Legends for people who play Roblox.
Roblox is just Street Fighter but worse.
Street Fighter is what would happen if Riot Games made The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is just Morrowind with story.
Morrowind is the World of Warcraft of rhythm games.
World of Warcraft is just Heroes of the Storm for people who listen to EDM.
Heroes of the Storm is only made for people who don't go outside.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas but good.
Fallout: New Vegas is just Pac-Man for twitter users.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry for Infinity Ward fans.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's with shields.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 but worse.
Halo 3 is just Team Fortress 2 for people who play Monster Hunter.
Monster Hunter is the Cuphead of city simulator games.
Cuphead is what would happen if EA made Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic the Hedgehog is only made for twitter users.
Warframe is just Mario 64 but good.
Mario 64 is what would happen if Microsoft made Zelda.
Zelda is just Super Metroid for Epic Games fans.
Super Metroid is just Super Mario Galaxy with water.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye for people who listen to EDM.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing for people who play Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is the Fortnite of MOBA games.
Fortnite is just Rainbow Six for people who play San Andreas.
San Andreas is just PUBG but good.
PUBG is what would happen if Capcom made Counter Strike.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield for Bandai Namco fans.
Battlefield is just Skyrim but good.
Skyrim is just Destiny for casuals.
Destiny is just Dota 2 for people who play Ark: Survival Evolved.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 but worse.
Fallout 4 is just Terraria for people who play Assassin's Creed.
Assassin's Creed is the Portal of action RPG games.
Portal is what would happen if Naughty Dog made Sea of Thieves.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo for Bungie fans.
Halo is the Watch Dogs of racing games.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for people who listen to EDM.
Garry's Mod is just Toontown for people who play Shadow of the Colossus.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid but worse.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time for people who play A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is the Donkey Kong of roguelike games.
Donkey Kong is what would happen if Ubisoft made Pokemon.
Pokemon is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Banjo-Kazooie is the Mario Kart of sport games.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy for casuals.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for Infinity Ward fans.
Call of Duty is just GTA V but good.
GTA V is just League of Legends but worse.
League of Legends is just Roblox for LucasArts fans.
Roblox is just Smash Bros with dungeons.
Smash Bros is just The FIFA Series but worse.
The FIFA Series is just Morrowind for people who play World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is the Hearthstone of stealth games.
Hearthstone is what would happen if Bandai Namco made Fallout 76.
Fallout 76 is only made for people with social skills.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series but good.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza for twitter users.
Forza is just Five Nights at Freddy's for id Software fans.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 with survival elements.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 for casuals.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games for people who play Cuphead.
Cuphead is just Sonic the Hedgehog but worse.
Sonic the Hedgehog is what would happen if Capcom made Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is only made for hard core gamers.
Mario 64 is the Zelda of fighting games.
Zelda is just Super Metroid for people with social skills.
Super Metroid is just Tetris for Zynga fans.
Tetris is just Golden Eye but good.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing for weebs.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports for people who play Kirby.
Kirby is just Rainbow Six but worse.
Rainbow Six is what would happen if Naughty Dog made San Andreas.
San Andreas is just Red Dead Redemption II with microtransactions.
Red Dead Redemption II is the Rocket League of MOBA games.
Rocket League is just Battlefield for hard core gamers.
Battlefield is only made for weebs.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront but good.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Dota 2 for mobile gamers.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for people who play Fallout 4.
Fallout 4 is just God of War but worse.
God of War is what would happen if Sega made Assassin's Creed.
Assassin's Creed is just Portal with nouns.
Portal is the Just Cause of RTS games.
Just Cause is what would happen if Epic Games made Halo 2.
Halo 2 is only made for mobile gamers.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod but good.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for weebs.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands for LucasArts fans.
Borderlands is just Metal Gear Solid but good.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time but worse.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario for people who play Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is the Pokemon of action RPG games.
Pokemon is just Banjo-Kazooie for people who play Earthbound.
Earthbound is just Final Fantasy but good.
Final Fantasy is what would happen if Zynga made Call of Duty.
Call of Duty is just GTA V for id Software fans.
GTA V is just Overwatch but good.
Overwatch is just Roblox for indie devs.
Roblox is just Smash Bros for people who play Tekken.
Tekken is just Oblivion but worse.
Oblivion is just World of Warcraft for people who play Hearthstone.
Hearthstone is just Splatoon but worse.
Splatoon is what would happen if Gameloft made Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is just The NBA 2k Series for Konami fans.
The NBA 2k Series is the Forza of survival horror games.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for hard core gamers.
Mortal Kombat is just Halo 3 for Nintendo fans.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 but good.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games but worse.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 for people who play Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic the Hedgehog is just Stardew Valley but worse.
Stardew Valley is what would happen if Infinity Ward made Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is only made for hard core gamers.
Majora's Mask is the Super Metroid of action games.
Super Metroid is just Tetris for indie devs.
Tetris is only made for mobile gamers.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem but good.
Fire Emblem is just Wii Sports but worse.
Wii Sports is just Kirby for Sega fans.
Kirby is just Minecraft with open world elements.
Minecraft is just San Andreas but worse.
San Andreas is just Red Dead Redemption II for people who play Rocket League.
Rocket League is the Street Fighter of city simulator games.
Street Fighter is what would happen if id Software made Skyrim.
Skyrim is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Warcraft 3 but good.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm for mobile gamers.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 4 for Sony fans.
Fallout 4 is just God of War with story.
God of War is just Pac-Man for indie devs.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry for people who play Just Cause.
Just Cause is the Halo 2 of MOBA games.
Halo 2 is what would happen if Zynga made Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 is only made for /r/gaming users.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin but good.
Club Penguin is what would happen if Team Cherry made Borderlands.
Borderlands is just Warframe for Rockstar fans.
Warframe is just Ocarina of Time with better gameplay.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario for people who use reddit.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for people who play Super Mario Galaxy.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Banjo-Kazooie but worse.
Banjo-Kazooie is what would happen if ZeniMax made Earthbound.
Earthbound is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Donkey Kong Country is the Fortnite of action RPG games.
Fortnite is what would happen if 2K made GTA V.
GTA V is just Overwatch for Nintendo fans.
Overwatch is just PUBG but good.
PUBG is just Smash Bros for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Smash Bros is just Tekken for people who play Oblivion.
Oblivion is just Destiny but worse.
Destiny is what would happen if Take-Two made Hearthstone.
Hearthstone is just Splatoon with swords.
Splatoon is the Fallout 3 of roguelike games.
Fallout 3 is what would happen if LucasArts made Terraria.
Terraria is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat but good.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves for people who use reddit.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo for Sega fans.
Halo is just The Lego Games but good.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 but worse.
Payday 2 is just Toontown for Game Freak fans.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus with swords.
Shadow of the Colossus is the Hollow Knight of platformer games.
Hollow Knight is just Majora's Mask for people who play A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is the Tetris of survival horror games.
Tetris is what would happen if Rockstar made F Zero.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem for Sony fans.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart but good.
Mario Kart is just Kirby for people who don't go outside.
Kirby is just Minecraft for Mojang fans.
Minecraft is just GTA IV with magic.
GTA IV is just League of Legends but worse.
League of Legends is just Rocket League for people who play Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is just The FIFA Series but worse.
The FIFA Series is what would happen if Team Cherry made Morrowind.
Morrowind is just Warcraft 3 for EA fans.
Warcraft 3 is the Heroes of the Storm of fighting games.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 for /r/gaming users.
Fallout 76 is just God of War for Microsoft fans.
God of War is just Pac-Man but good.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry but worse.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's for people who play Halo 2.
Halo 2 is just Team Fortress 2 but worse.
Team Fortress 2 is what would happen if 2K made Monster Hunter.
Monster Hunter is only made for /r/gaming users.
Cuphead is the Borderlands of beat 'em up games.
Borderlands is just Warframe for people who don't go outside.
Warframe is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Mario 64 is just Zelda but good.
Zelda is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for people who listen to EDM.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy for people who play Golden Eye.
Golden Eye is just Earthbound but worse.
Earthbound is what would happen if DICE made Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is just Fortnite with multiplayer.
Fortnite is the Rainbow Six of RTS games.
Rainbow Six is just Overwatch for twitter users.
Overwatch is only made for people who listen to EDM.
PUBG is just Counter Strike but good.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Battlefield is just Oblivion for Insomniac fans.
Oblivion is just Destiny with microtransactions.
Destiny is just Dota 2 but worse.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for people who play Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is the Terraria of action RPG games.
Terraria is what would happen if Rockstar made Assassin's Creed.
Assassin's Creed is only made for casuals.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves but good.
Sea of Thieves is what would happen if Bungie made Halo.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for Mojang fans.
Watch Dogs is just Payday 2 with nouns.
Payday 2 is just Toontown for twitter users.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus for people who play Metal Gear Solid.
Metal Gear Solid is just Majora's Mask but worse.
Majora's Mask is what would happen if Nintendo made A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Donkey Kong is the Pokemon of platformer games.
Pokemon is what would happen if Square Enix made Fire Emblem.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart for Microsoft fans.
Mario Kart is the Final Fantasy of survival horror games.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for people who don't go outside.
Call of Duty is just GTA IV for people who play League of Legends.
League of Legends is just Roblox but worse.
Roblox is just Street Fighter for people who play The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is the Morrowind of stealth games.
Morrowind is what would happen if Sega made World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is only made for people with social skills.
Heroes of the Storm is the Fallout 76 of action games.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas for twitter users.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series for Take-Two fans.
The NBA 2k Series is just Far Cry but good.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's but worse.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 for DICE fans.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 with shields.
Skate 3 is the Monster Hunter of rhythm games.
Monster Hunter is just Cuphead for people who play Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic the Hedgehog is the Warframe of fighting games.
Warframe is what would happen if Mojang made Mario 64.
Mario 64 is just Zelda for Insomniac fans.
Zelda is just Super Metroid but good.
Super Metroid is just Super Mario Galaxy for weebs.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye for Rare fans.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing with water.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports but worse.
Wii Sports is just Fortnite for people who play Rainbow Six.
Rainbow Six is the San Andreas of MOBA games.
San Andreas is what would happen if Bungie made Red Dead Redemption II.
Red Dead Redemption II is only made for weebs.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield but good.
Battlefield is just Skyrim for casuals.
Skyrim is just Destiny for Bethesda fans.
Destiny is just Dota 2 with stealth.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for people with social skills.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 for people who play Terraria.
Terraria is just Assassin's Creed but worse.
Assassin's Creed is what would happen if Square Enix made Portal.
Portal is only made for casuals.
Just Cause is the Halo of MMORPG games.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for weebs.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for Obsidian fans.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin but good.
Club Penguin is just Shadow of the Colossus for hard core gamers.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid for people who play Ocarina of Time.
Ocarina of Time is just A Link to the Past but worse.
A Link to the Past is what would happen if BioWare made Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is just Pokemon with dungeons.
Pokemon is the Banjo-Kazooie of roguelike games.
Banjo-Kazooie is just Mario Kart for mobile gamers.
Mario Kart is only made for hard core gamers.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty but good.
Call of Duty is just GTA V for people with social skills.
GTA V is just League of Legends for Riot Games fans.
League of Legends is just Roblox with guns.
Roblox is just Smash Bros but worse.
Smash Bros is just Tekken for people who play Morrowind.
Morrowind is the World of Warcraft of platformer games.
World of Warcraft is just Hearthstone for people who play Splatoon.
Splatoon is just Fallout: New Vegas but good.
Fallout: New Vegas is what would happen if Konami made The NBA 2k Series.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza for Rare fans.
Forza is just Five Nights at Freddy's but good.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 for mobile gamers.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 for people who play The Lego Games.
The Lego Games is just Cuphead but worse.
Cuphead is just Sonic the Hedgehog for people who play Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is the Hollow Knight of rhythm games.
Hollow Knight is what would happen if Obsidian made Zelda.
Zelda is just Super Metroid for Bethesda fans.
Super Metroid is the Tetris of fighting games.
Tetris is just F Zero for weebs.
F Zero is just Animal Crossing for people who play Wii Sports.
Wii Sports is just Kirby but worse.
Kirby is just Rainbow Six for people who play San Andreas.
San Andreas is the Red Dead Redemption II of city simulator games.
Red Dead Redemption II is what would happen if Take-Two made Rocket League.
Rocket League is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Battlefield is the Skyrim of beat 'em up games.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront for mobile gamers.
Star Wars Battlefront is only made for hard core gamers.
Warcraft 3 is just Ark: Survival Evolved but good.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 but worse.
Fallout 4 is just God of War for people who play Pac-Man.
Pac-Man is just Portal but worse.
Portal is what would happen if Insomniac made Just Cause.
Just Cause is only made for mobile gamers.
Halo 2 is the Watch Dogs of adventure games.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Garry's Mod is only made for indie devs.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands but good.
Borderlands is just Metal Gear Solid but worse.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time for Ubisoft fans.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario with strategy.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 but worse.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Pokemon for people who play Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is the Earthbound of action RPG games.
Earthbound is what would happen if Konami made Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is only made for people who use reddit.
Call of Duty is just GTA V but good.
GTA V is just Overwatch for indie devs.
Overwatch is just PUBG for EA fans.
PUBG is just Smash Bros with multiplayer.
Smash Bros is just Tekken for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Tekken is just Oblivion for people who play World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is just Hearthstone but worse.
Hearthstone is what would happen if Obsidian made Splatoon.
Splatoon is only made for indie devs.
Fallout 3 is the The NBA 2k Series of sport games.
The NBA 2k Series is what would happen if 3D Realms made Forza.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for Valve fans.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves but good.
Sea of Thieves is just Skate 3 for /r/gaming users.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games for people who play Payday 2.
Payday 2 is just Toontown but worse.
Toontown is what would happen if Gameloft made Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is just Hollow Knight with open world elements.
Hollow Knight is the Majora's Mask of stealth games.
Majora's Mask is what would happen if Riot Games made Super Metroid.
Super Metroid is only made for /r/gaming users.
Tetris is just F Zero but good.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Fire Emblem is just Wii Sports for Naughty Dog fans.
Wii Sports is just Kirby but good.
Kirby is just Minecraft but worse.
Minecraft is just GTA IV for people who play Red Dead Redemption II.
Red Dead Redemption II is the Rocket League of rhythm games.
Rocket League is just Street Fighter for people who play The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is just Star Wars Battlefront but good.
Star Wars Battlefront is what would happen if EA made Warcraft 3.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm for Ubisoft fans.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 4 but good.
Fallout 4 is just God of War for people who buy the same sports game every year.
God of War is just Pac-Man for people who play Far Cry.
Far Cry is just Just Cause but worse.
Just Cause is just Halo 2 for people who play Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 is the Monster Hunter of MOBA games.
Monster Hunter is what would happen if Valve made Club Penguin.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands for Blizzard fans.
Borderlands is just Warframe but good.
Warframe is just Mario 64 for people who use reddit.
Mario 64 is just Mario for Bandai Namco fans.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 with better gameplay.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy but worse.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Banjo-Kazooie for people who play Earthbound.
Earthbound is just Donkey Kong Country but worse.
Donkey Kong Country is what would happen if 3D Realms made Fortnite.
Fortnite is just GTA V for Rockstar fans.
GTA V is the Overwatch of MMORPG games.
Overwatch is just PUBG for people who buy the same sports game every year.
PUBG is just Counter Strike for Capcom fans.
Counter Strike is just Tekken but good.
Tekken is just Oblivion but worse.
Oblivion is just Destiny for people who play Dota 2.
Dota 2 is just Splatoon but worse.
Splatoon is what would happen if Riot Games made Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Terraria is the Assassin's Creed of roguelike games.
Assassin's Creed is just Mortal Kombat for people who listen to EDM.
Mortal Kombat is only made for people who don't go outside.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo but good.
Halo is just The Lego Games but worse.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 for Infinity Ward fans.
Payday 2 is just Toontown with platforming.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus but worse.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Hollow Knight for people who play Majora's Mask.
Majora's Mask is the A Link to the Past of platformer games.
A Link to the Past is what would happen if EA made Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is only made for twitter users.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem but good.
Fire Emblem is what would happen if Microsoft made Mario Kart.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy for Epic Games fans.
Final Fantasy is just Minecraft with dungeons.
Minecraft is just GTA IV for people who listen to EDM.
GTA IV is just League of Legends for people who play Rocket League.
Rocket League is just Street Fighter but worse.
Street Fighter is what would happen if Valve made The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is only made for people who don't go outside.
Morrowind is the Warcraft 3 of action games.
Warcraft 3 is what would happen if Capcom made Heroes of the Storm.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 for Bandai Namco fans.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas but good.
Fallout: New Vegas is just Pac-Man for casuals.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry for people who play Five Nights at Freddy's.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 but worse.
Halo 3 is what would happen if Team Cherry made Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 is just Monster Hunter with better gameplay.
Monster Hunter is the Cuphead of city simulator games.
Cuphead is what would happen if Naughty Dog made Borderlands.
Borderlands is only made for casuals.
Warframe is just Mario 64 but good.
Mario 64 is just Zelda for people who listen to EDM.
Zelda is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for ZeniMax fans.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy but good.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye but worse.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing for people who play Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is the Fortnite of MOBA games.
Fortnite is what would happen if Ubisoft made Rainbow Six.
Rainbow Six is only made for people who listen to EDM.
San Andreas is the PUBG of adventure games.
PUBG is just Counter Strike for casuals.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield for Infinity Ward fans.
Battlefield is just Oblivion but good.
Oblivion is just Destiny but worse.
Destiny is just Dota 2 for LucasArts fans.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved with microtransactions.
Ark: Survival Evolved is the Fallout 3 of RTS games.
Fallout 3 is just Terraria for people who play Assassin's Creed.
Assassin's Creed is the Portal of action RPG games.
Portal is what would happen if Bandai Namco made Sea of Thieves.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo for Game Freak fans.
Halo is just Watch Dogs but good.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for twitter users.
Garry's Mod is just Toontown for id Software fans.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus with nouns.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid but worse.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time for people who play A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is just Donkey Kong but worse.
Donkey Kong is what would happen if Capcom made Pokemon.
Pokemon is just Fire Emblem for Mojang fans.
Fire Emblem is the Mario Kart of sport games.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy for people with social skills.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for Zynga fans.
Call of Duty is just GTA IV but good.
GTA IV is just League of Legends for weebs.
League of Legends is just Roblox for people who play Smash Bros.
Smash Bros is just The FIFA Series but worse.
The FIFA Series is what would happen if Naughty Dog made Morrowind.
Morrowind is just World of Warcraft with shields.
World of Warcraft is the Hearthstone of stealth games.
Hearthstone is just Fallout 76 for hard core gamers.
Fallout 76 is only made for weebs.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series but good.
The NBA 2k Series is just Far Cry for mobile gamers.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's for 2K fans.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 with survival elements.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 but worse.
Skate 3 is just Monster Hunter for people who play Cuphead.
Cuphead is the Sonic the Hedgehog of rhythm games.
Sonic the Hedgehog is what would happen if Epic Games made Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is only made for mobile gamers.
Mario 64 is just Zelda but good.
Zelda is what would happen if Bethesda made Super Metroid.
Super Metroid is just Tetris for LucasArts fans.
Tetris is just Golden Eye with open world elements.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing for hard core gamers.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports for people who play Fortnite.
Fortnite is just Rainbow Six but worse.
Rainbow Six is what would happen if Bandai Namco made San Andreas.
San Andreas is only made for weebs.
Red Dead Redemption II is just Counter Strike but good.
Counter Strike is what would happen if Zynga made Battlefield.
Battlefield is just Skyrim for id Software fans.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront but good.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Dota 2 for indie devs.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for people who play Fallout 4.
Fallout 4 is just God of War but worse.
God of War is just Assassin's Creed for people who play Portal.
Portal is the Just Cause of RTS games.
Just Cause is what would happen if ZeniMax made Halo.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for Konami fans.
Watch Dogs is the Garry's Mod of MMORPG games.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for hard core gamers.
Club Penguin is just Shadow of the Colossus for people who play Metal Gear Solid.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time but worse.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario for people who play Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is the Pokemon of action RPG games.
Pokemon is what would happen if Infinity Ward made Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is only made for hard core gamers.
Earthbound is the Final Fantasy of racing games.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for indie devs.
Call of Duty is just GTA V for 2K fans.
GTA V is just Overwatch but good.
Overwatch is just Roblox but worse.
Roblox is just Smash Bros for Sega fans.
Smash Bros is just Tekken with guns.
Tekken is the Morrowind of roguelike games.
Morrowind is just World of Warcraft for people who play Hearthstone.
Hearthstone is the Splatoon of platformer games.
Splatoon is what would happen if id Software made Fallout: New Vegas.
Fallout: New Vegas is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza but good.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for mobile gamers.
Mortal Kombat is just Halo 3 for Sony fans.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 with swords.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games for indie devs.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 for people who play Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic the Hedgehog is just Stardew Valley but worse.
Stardew Valley is what would happen if Zynga made Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is only made for /r/gaming users.
Zelda is the Super Metroid of action games.
Super Metroid is just Tetris for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Tetris is just F Zero for Rockstar fans.
F Zero is just Animal Crossing but good.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports for people who use reddit.
Wii Sports is just Kirby for people who play Minecraft.
Minecraft is just San Andreas but worse.
San Andreas is what would happen if ZeniMax made Red Dead Redemption II.
Red Dead Redemption II is just Rocket League with stealth.
Rocket League is the Street Fighter of city simulator games.
Street Fighter is just Skyrim for /r/gaming users.
Skyrim is only made for people who use reddit.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Warcraft 3 but good.
Warcraft 3 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 for Square Enix fans.
Fallout 4 is just God of War but good.
God of War is just Pac-Man but worse.
Pac-Man is what would happen if Take-Two made Portal.
Portal is just Just Cause with strategy.
Just Cause is the Halo 2 of MOBA games.
Halo 2 is what would happen if LucasArts made Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin but good.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands for people who use reddit.
Borderlands is just Warframe for Sega fans.
Warframe is just Ocarina of Time but good.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario but worse.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for people who play Pokemon.
Pokemon is the Banjo-Kazooie of RTS games.
Banjo-Kazooie is just Earthbound for people who play Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is just Call of Duty but good.
Call of Duty is what would happen if Rockstar made GTA V.
GTA V is just Overwatch for Sony fans.
Overwatch is just PUBG but good.
PUBG is just Smash Bros for people who don't go outside.
Smash Bros is just Tekken for people who play Oblivion.
Oblivion is just Destiny but worse.
Destiny is just Hearthstone for people who play Splatoon.
Splatoon is the Fallout 3 of roguelike games.
Fallout 3 is what would happen if Team Cherry made Terraria.
Terraria is just Forza for EA fans.
Forza is the Mortal Kombat of sport games.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves for /r/gaming users.
Sea of Thieves is just Skate 3 for Microsoft fans.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games but good.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 but worse.
Payday 2 is just Toontown for people who play Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is just Hollow Knight but worse.
Hollow Knight is what would happen if 2K made Majora's Mask.
Majora's Mask is only made for /r/gaming users.
A Link to the Past is the Tetris of survival horror games.
Tetris is just F Zero for people who don't go outside.
F Zero is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart but good.
Mario Kart is just Kirby but worse.
Kirby is just Minecraft for Take-Two fans.
Minecraft is just GTA IV with magic.
GTA IV is just Red Dead Redemption II but worse.
Red Dead Redemption II is just Rocket League for people who play Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is the The FIFA Series of rhythm games.
The FIFA Series is what would happen if Sony made Star Wars Battlefront.
Star Wars Battlefront is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm but good.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Fallout 76 is just God of War for Insomniac fans.
God of War is just Pac-Man with shields.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry for people who don't go outside.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's for people who play Halo 2.
Halo 2 is just Team Fortress 2 but worse.
Team Fortress 2 is what would happen if Rockstar made Monster Hunter.
Monster Hunter is only made for casuals.
Club Penguin is the Borderlands of beat 'em up games.
Borderlands is what would happen if Bungie made Warframe.
Warframe is just Mario 64 for Mojang fans.
Mario 64 is just Mario with water.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for twitter users.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy for people who play Golden Eye.
Golden Eye is just Earthbound but worse.
Earthbound is what would happen if Nintendo made Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Fortnite is the Rainbow Six of RTS games.
Rainbow Six is what would happen if Square Enix made Overwatch.
Overwatch is just PUBG for Microsoft fans.
PUBG is just Counter Strike but good.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield for people who don't go outside.
Battlefield is just Oblivion for people who play Destiny.
Destiny is just Dota 2 but worse.
Dota 2 is what would happen if 3D Realms made Splatoon.
Splatoon is just Fallout 3 with platforming.
Fallout 3 is the Terraria of action RPG games.
Terraria is what would happen if Sega made Assassin's Creed.
Assassin's Creed is only made for people with social skills.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves but good.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo for twitter users.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for Take-Two fans.
Watch Dogs is just Payday 2 but good.
Payday 2 is just Toontown but worse.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus for people who play Metal Gear Solid.
Metal Gear Solid is the Majora's Mask of roguelike games.
Majora's Mask is just A Link to the Past for people who play Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is the F Zero of sport games.
F Zero is what would happen if Mojang made Fire Emblem.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart for Insomniac fans.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy but good.
Final Fantasy is just Minecraft for weebs.
Minecraft is just GTA IV for Rare fans.
GTA IV is just League of Legends with dungeons.
League of Legends is just Roblox but worse.
Roblox is just Street Fighter for people who play The FIFA Series.
The FIFA Series is just Morrowind but worse.
Morrowind is what would happen if Bungie made World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is just Heroes of the Storm for Epic Games fans.
Heroes of the Storm is the Fallout 76 of action games.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas for casuals.
Fallout: New Vegas is just Pac-Man for Bethesda fans.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry but good.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's but worse.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 for people who play Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 is just Monster Hunter but worse.
Monster Hunter is what would happen if Square Enix made Cuphead.
Cuphead is only made for casuals.
Sonic the Hedgehog is the Warframe of fighting games.
Warframe is just Mario 64 for weebs.
Mario 64 is only made for people with social skills.
Zelda is just Super Metroid but good.
Super Metroid is just Super Mario Galaxy but worse.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye for 3D Realms fans.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing with water.
Animal Crossing is just Donkey Kong Country but worse.
Donkey Kong Country is what would happen if BioWare made Fortnite.
Fortnite is just Rainbow Six with microtransactions.
Rainbow Six is the San Andreas of MOBA games.
San Andreas is just PUBG for mobile gamers.
PUBG is only made for hard core gamers.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield but good.
Battlefield is just Skyrim for people with social skills.
Skyrim is just Destiny for Riot Games fans.
Destiny is just Dota 2 with stealth.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved but worse.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 for people who play Terraria.
Terraria is the Assassin's Creed of RTS games.
Assassin's Creed is what would happen if Mojang made Portal.
Portal is only made for people with social skills.
Just Cause is just Halo but good.
Halo is what would happen if Konami made Watch Dogs.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for Rare fans.
Garry's Mod is just Toontown with strategy.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus for mobile gamers.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid for people who play Ocarina of Time.
Ocarina of Time is just A Link to the Past but worse.
A Link to the Past is what would happen if Microsoft made Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is only made for hard core gamers.
Pokemon is the Banjo-Kazooie of roguelike games.
Banjo-Kazooie is what would happen if Obsidian made Mario Kart.
Mario Kart is just Final Fantasy for Bethesda fans.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty but good.
Call of Duty is just GTA V for weebs.
GTA V is just League of Legends for people who play Roblox.
Roblox is just Smash Bros but worse.
Smash Bros is just The FIFA Series for people who play Morrowind.
Morrowind is the World of Warcraft of platformer games.
World of Warcraft is what would happen if Take-Two made Hearthstone.
Hearthstone is only made for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Fallout 76 is the Fallout: New Vegas of survival horror games.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series for mobile gamers.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza for 3D Realms fans.
Forza is just Five Nights at Freddy's but good.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 but worse.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 for BioWare fans.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games with survival elements.
The Lego Games is the Cuphead of stealth games.
Cuphead is just Sonic the Hedgehog for people who play Stardew Valley.
Stardew Valley is the Mario 64 of action games.
Mario 64 is what would happen if Rare made Zelda.
Zelda is just Super Metroid for Riot Games fans.
Super Metroid is just Tetris but good.
Tetris is just Golden Eye for people who use reddit.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing for Ubisoft fans.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports with open world elements.
Wii Sports is just Kirby but worse.
Kirby is just Rainbow Six for people who play San Andreas.
San Andreas is just Red Dead Redemption II but worse.
Red Dead Redemption II is what would happen if Konami made Rocket League.
Rocket League is just Battlefield for LucasArts fans.
Battlefield is the Skyrim of beat 'em up games.
Skyrim is just Star Wars Battlefront for indie devs.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Dota 2 for Blizzard fans.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved with story.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Fallout 4 is just God of War for people who play Assassin's Creed.
Assassin's Creed is just Portal but worse.
Portal is what would happen if Obsidian made Just Cause.
Just Cause is only made for indie devs.
Halo 2 is the Watch Dogs of adventure games.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod for people who use reddit.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for Valve fans.
Club Penguin is just Borderlands but good.
Borderlands is just Metal Gear Solid for /r/gaming users.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time for people who play Mario.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 but worse.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is what would happen if Gameloft made Pokemon.
Pokemon is just Banjo-Kazooie with guns.
Banjo-Kazooie is the Earthbound of action RPG games.
Earthbound is just Final Fantasy for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Final Fantasy is only made for /r/gaming users.
Call of Duty is just GTA V but good.
GTA V is just Overwatch for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Overwatch is just Roblox for Naughty Dog fans.
Roblox is just Smash Bros with multiplayer.
Smash Bros is just Tekken but worse.
Tekken is just Oblivion for people who play World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is the Hearthstone of roguelike games.
Hearthstone is just Splatoon for people who play Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is just The NBA 2k Series but good.
The NBA 2k Series is what would happen if EA made Forza.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for Ubisoft fans.
Mortal Kombat is just Halo 3 but good.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games for people who play Payday 2.
Payday 2 is just Sonic the Hedgehog but worse.
Sonic the Hedgehog is just Stardew Valley for people who play Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is the Majora's Mask of stealth games.
Majora's Mask is what would happen if Valve made Super Metroid.
Super Metroid is just Tetris for Blizzard fans.
Tetris is the F Zero of action games.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem for people who use reddit.
Fire Emblem is just Wii Sports for people who play Kirby.
Kirby is just Minecraft but worse.
Minecraft is just San Andreas for people who play Red Dead Redemption II.
Red Dead Redemption II is the Rocket League of rhythm games.
Rocket League is what would happen if 3D Realms made Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is only made for people who listen to EDM.
Skyrim is the Star Wars Battlefront of fighting games.
Star Wars Battlefront is just Warcraft 3 for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Warcraft 3 is just Heroes of the Storm for Capcom fans.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 4 but good.
Fallout 4 is just God of War but worse.
God of War is just Pac-Man for Gameloft fans.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry with story.
Far Cry is just Just Cause but worse.
Just Cause is what would happen if Riot Games made Halo 2.
Halo 2 is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Team Fortress 2 is the Garry's Mod of beat 'em up games.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for people who listen to EDM.
Club Penguin is only made for people who don't go outside.
Borderlands is just Warframe but good.
Warframe is just Ocarina of Time but worse.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario for Infinity Ward fans.
Mario is just Super Mario Bros. 3 with better gameplay.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy but worse.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Banjo-Kazooie for people who play Earthbound.
Earthbound is the Donkey Kong Country of RTS games.
Donkey Kong Country is what would happen if EA made Fortnite.
Fortnite is only made for twitter users.
GTA V is just Overwatch but good.
Overwatch is just PUBG for people who don't go outside.
PUBG is just Counter Strike for Epic Games fans.
Counter Strike is just Tekken with microtransactions.
Tekken is just Oblivion for people who listen to EDM.
Oblivion is just Destiny for people who play Hearthstone.
Hearthstone is just Splatoon but worse.
Splatoon is what would happen if Valve made Fallout 3.
Fallout 3 is only made for people who don't go outside.
Terraria is the Forza of racing games.
Forza is just Mortal Kombat for twitter users.
Mortal Kombat is just Sea of Thieves for Bandai Namco fans.
Sea of Thieves is just Halo but good.
Halo is just The Lego Games for casuals.
The Lego Games is just Payday 2 for people who play Toontown.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus but worse.
Shadow of the Colossus is what would happen if Team Cherry made Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is just Majora's Mask with magic.
Majora's Mask is the A Link to the Past of platformer games.
A Link to the Past is what would happen if Naughty Dog made Tetris.
Tetris is only made for casuals.
F Zero is just Fire Emblem but good.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart for people who listen to EDM.
Mario Kart is just Kirby for ZeniMax fans.
Kirby is just Minecraft but good.
Minecraft is just GTA IV but worse.
GTA IV is just League of Legends for people who play Rocket League.
Rocket League is the Street Fighter of stealth games.
Street Fighter is just The FIFA Series for people who play Morrowind.
Morrowind is just Warcraft 3 but good.
Warcraft 3 is what would happen if Epic Games made Heroes of the Storm.
Heroes of the Storm is just Fallout 76 for Infinity Ward fans.
Fallout 76 is just God of War but good.
God of War is just Pac-Man for people with social skills.
Pac-Man is just Far Cry for people who play Five Nights at Freddy's.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 2 but worse.
Halo 2 is just Team Fortress 2 for people who play Monster Hunter.
Monster Hunter is the Cuphead of city simulator games.
Cuphead is what would happen if Bandai Namco made Borderlands.
Borderlands is just Warframe for Game Freak fans.
Warframe is the Mario 64 of beat 'em up games.
Mario 64 is just Zelda for twitter users.
Zelda is just Super Mario Bros. 3 for id Software fans.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is just Super Mario Galaxy with water.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye but worse.
Golden Eye is just Earthbound for people who play Donkey Kong Country.
Donkey Kong Country is just Fortnite but worse.
Fortnite is what would happen if Capcom made Rainbow Six.
Rainbow Six is just Overwatch for Mojang fans.
Overwatch is the PUBG of adventure games.
PUBG is just Counter Strike for people with social skills.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield for Zynga fans.
Battlefield is just Oblivion but good.
Oblivion is just Destiny but worse.
Destiny is just Dota 2 for people who play Ark: Survival Evolved.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 3 but worse.
Fallout 3 is what would happen if Naughty Dog made Terraria.
Terraria is only made for people with social skills.
Assassin's Creed is the Portal of action RPG games.
Portal is just Sea of Thieves for hard core gamers.
Sea of Thieves is only made for weebs.
Halo is just Watch Dogs but good.
Watch Dogs is just Payday 2 but worse.
Payday 2 is just Toontown for 2K fans.
Toontown is just Shadow of the Colossus with nouns.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid but worse.
Metal Gear Solid is just Majora's Mask for people who play A Link to the Past.
A Link to the Past is the Donkey Kong of roguelike games.
Donkey Kong is what would happen if Epic Games made Pokemon.
Pokemon is only made for mobile gamers.
Fire Emblem is just Mario Kart but good.
Mario Kart is what would happen if Bethesda made Final Fantasy.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for LucasArts fans.
Call of Duty is just GTA IV with guns.
GTA IV is just League of Legends for hard core gamers.
League of Legends is just Roblox for people who play Street Fighter.
Street Fighter is just The FIFA Series but worse.
The FIFA Series is what would happen if Bandai Namco made Morrowind.
Morrowind is only made for weebs.
World of Warcraft is the Heroes of the Storm of survival horror games.
Heroes of the Storm is what would happen if Zynga made Fallout 76.
Fallout 76 is just Fallout: New Vegas for id Software fans.
Fallout: New Vegas is just The NBA 2k Series but good.
The NBA 2k Series is just Far Cry for indie devs.
Far Cry is just Five Nights at Freddy's for people who play Halo 3.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 but worse.
Skate 3 is what would happen if Bungie made Monster Hunter.
Monster Hunter is just Cuphead with water.
Cuphead is the Sonic the Hedgehog of rhythm games.
Sonic the Hedgehog is what would happen if ZeniMax made Warframe.
Warframe is only made for indie devs.
Mario 64 is just Zelda but good.
Zelda is just Super Metroid for hard core gamers.
Super Metroid is just Super Mario Galaxy for Nintendo fans.
Super Mario Galaxy is just Golden Eye but good.
Golden Eye is just Animal Crossing but worse.
Animal Crossing is just Wii Sports for people who play Fortnite.
Fortnite is the Rainbow Six of city simulator games.
Rainbow Six is what would happen if Infinity Ward made San Andreas.
San Andreas is only made for hard core gamers.
Red Dead Redemption II is the Counter Strike of beat 'em up games.
Counter Strike is just Battlefield for indie devs.
Battlefield is just Skyrim for 2K fans.
Skyrim is just Destiny but good.
Destiny is just Dota 2 but worse.
Dota 2 is just Ark: Survival Evolved for Sega fans.
Ark: Survival Evolved is just Fallout 4 with stealth.
Fallout 4 is the Terraria of MOBA games.
Terraria is just Assassin's Creed for people who play Portal.
Portal is the Just Cause of RTS games.
Just Cause is what would happen if id Software made Halo.
Halo is just Watch Dogs for DICE fans.
Watch Dogs is just Garry's Mod but good.
Garry's Mod is just Club Penguin for mobile gamers.
Club Penguin is just Shadow of the Colossus for Sony fans.
Shadow of the Colossus is just Metal Gear Solid with strategy.
Metal Gear Solid is just Ocarina of Time but worse.
Ocarina of Time is just Mario for people who play Donkey Kong.
Donkey Kong is just Pokemon but worse.
Pokemon is what would happen if Zynga made Banjo-Kazooie.
Banjo-Kazooie is just Mario Kart for Rare fans.
Mario Kart is the Final Fantasy of racing games.
Final Fantasy is just Call of Duty for people who unironically identify as gamers.
Call of Duty is just GTA V for Rockstar fans.
GTA V is just League of Legends but good.
League of Legends is just Roblox but worse.
Roblox is just Smash Bros for people who play Tekken.
Tekken is just Morrowind but worse.
Morrowind is what would happen if ZeniMax made World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft is just Hearthstone with survival elements.
Hearthstone is the Splatoon of platformer games.
Splatoon is just Fallout: New Vegas for /r/gaming users.
Fallout: New Vegas is only made for people who use reddit.
The NBA 2k Series is just Forza but good.
Forza is just Five Nights at Freddy's for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Five Nights at Freddy's is just Halo 3 for Square Enix fans.
Halo 3 is just Skate 3 with swords.
Skate 3 is just The Lego Games but worse.
The Lego Games is just Cuphead for people who play Sonic the Hedgehog.
Sonic the Hedgehog is the Stardew Valley of stealth games.
Stardew Valley is what would happen if LucasArts made Hollow Knight.
Hollow Knight is only made for people who buy the same sports game every year.
Zelda is just Super Metroid but good.
Super Metroid is what would happen if Blizzard made Tetris.
Tetris is just F Zero for Sega fans.
F Zero is just Animal Crossing with magic.
